 

REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER 5

COMPARISON OF CODE AND CIPHER SYSTEMS

 

79. Advantages and Disadvantages of Each Type of System

a. From the viewpoint of purely military cryptography, a comparison
of the advantages and disadvantages of each method can be made only

between

systems suitable for each of the following three general

categories :

(1)

(2)

(3)

High—security, or “high—grade,” systems for cryptographic
intercommunication among the largest military units and the
highest echelons of command.

Medium-security, or “medium—grade,” systems for crypto-
graphic intercommunication among the intermediate units and
echelons of command.

Low-security, or “low-grade,” systems for cryptographic inter-
communication among the small units and the lowest echelons
of command.

I). The principal factors to be taken into account in comparing code
and cipher methods in cryptographic communication are reliability,
security, rapidity, ﬂexibility, and economy.

(1)

(2)

74

Reliability. Reliable cipher machines made possible by modern
engineering and cryptographic techniques satisfy all or a
majority of these factors to a great degree, and such machines
are now used in the U. S. Army for these high—grade systems.
Although the machines are complex, their reliability can be
assured by having properly trained personnel to operate and
maintain them. Accuracy is also one of the elements of
reliability and a good cipher machine can yield a higher degree
of accuracy or completeness of text in cryptographic communi-
cation than can a code system. A mistake in one or two code
groups may obscure, alter, or render unintelligible the meaning
of a whole message, but in cipher systems, often wrong
letters may be corrected, or missing letters may be supplied,
by the context. It must be remembered, however, that in some
cipher systems a single error of a fundamental type, such as
using the wrong key or the wrong “setting,” may prevent the
deciphering of the message.

Security. If reliability were the only or the most important
factor, code would be preferable to cipher for all echelons of

