these six main sources, trafﬁc analysis and cryptanalysis are the most
valuable. The amount of vital information they furnish cannot be
accurately estimated as it ﬂuctuates with time, place, circumstances,
equipment, and personnel. For most effective operation, the results of
both cryptanalysis and trafﬁc analysis can be ﬁtted together to yield a
uniﬁed picture of the communications scheme. Therefore, if all trans-
mitting stations can be located quickly and if all communications can be
intercepted and solved, extremely valuable information concerning
strength, disposition of forces, and proposed moves will be continually
available.

f. The facts set forth above are applicable to our own forces as well
as the enemy’s.

g. The process of intercepting and copying our own or friendly radio
and wire transmissions for the purpose of detecting and correcting viola-
tions of regulations is called monitoring; it provides increased protection
of our own signal communications.

15. Communication Intelligence and Communication Security

a. Communication intelligence is evaluated information concerning the
enemy, derived principally from a study of his signal communications.
The main components of communication intelligence are as follows:

(1) Interception of signals or messages and forwarding raw trafﬁc
to communication intelligence centers for study.

(2) Trafﬁc analysis, including radio direction ﬁnding and radio
position ﬁnding. (Evaluated information from this source is
often called traﬁ‘ic intelligence.)

(3) Cryptanalysis or solution (and translation, when necessary) of
the texts of the messages.

(4) Evaluation of data, that is, analysis of results obtained from the
preceding steps and their correlation, collation, and comparison
with results obtained from other sources of information.

[7. Communication security is the protection resulting from all meas—
ures designed to deny to unauthorized persons information of value
which may be derived from communications. The main components of
communication are as follows -:

(1) Physical security, that component of communication security
which results from all measures necessary to safeguard classi-
ﬁed communication equipment, and material from access there-
to by unauthorized persons. ,

(2) Cryptosecurity, that component of communication security
which results from the provision of technically sound crypto-
systems5 and their proper use.

5Cryptosyttems may be categorized as literal and nonliteral. This manual is concerned solely with literal or cryptographic systems.
