 

REF ID:A56932

tains the cipher equivalents for the plain-text sequence ABC . . . Z en-
ciphered by the key letter which stands at its left in the ﬁrst column.
Thus, the cipher alphabet corresponding to key letter D is the sequence
of letters in the fourth horizontal line under the plain-text line, where
A, = Dc, Bp = EC, etc. It will be easy to remember, in using such a
table, that the equivalent of a given plain-text letter, T,,, for example,
enciphered by a given key letter, 0);, lies at the intersection of the vertical
column headed by T, and the horizontal row begun by O. In this case
Tp (0k) = He. The same result will be found on referring to sliding,
direct standard alphabets.

17. Minor modiﬁcations of the Vigenere Table are encountered. If the
top line is made a reversed normal sequence, leaving the interior of the
table unchanged, or if the successive horizontal rows are made to contain
the reversed normal sequence, leaving the top row (plain text) un-
changed, then the results given by using the table are the same as those
given by using the obsolete cipher disk shown in ﬁgure 18. Again, the
same general results can be obtained by using a set of alphabets in tabu-
lar form known under the names of Porta’s Table and Napoleon’s Table,
which is ShOWn in ﬁgure 20.

AB ABC.DEFGHIJKLM
NOPQRSTUVWXYZ
CD ABCDEFGHIJKLM
ZNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
EF ABCDEFGHIJKLM
YZNOPQRSTUVWX
etc.
WX ABCDEFGHIJKLM
PQRSTUVWXYZNO
YZ ABCDEFGHIJKLM
OPQRSTUVWXYZN

In this table the alphabets are all reciprocal, for example, G, (Wk) = V0:
V1. (Wk) = Ge. Reciprocal alphabets when arranged in this form are
sometimes called complementary alphabets. Note that in each alphabet
either of two letters may serve as key letter indifferent-1y: G, (Wk) or
G, (Xk) = Ve-

c. Another modiﬁcation of the basic table, and one that employs num-
bers instead of letters as cipher equivalents is shown in ﬁgure 21. Since
many more than 26 different equivalents are available (100 pairs of
digits from 00 to 99, it is possible to insert many plain—text elements in

56

 

