REF ID:A56932

number of columns, 16 X 6 = 96. If four letters are inscribed in each
rectangle, the capacity of the grille in terms of letters is 384. The grid in
this case would, after completion, present 24 columns of letters, to which
a numerical key for a second transposition can be applied in transcrip-
tion to produce the ﬁnal text of the cryptogram.

106. Indeﬁnite or Continuous Grilles

a. In his Manual of Cryptography, Sacco illustrates a type of grille
which he has devised and which has elements of practical importance.
An example of such a grille is shown in ﬁgure 53. This grille contains 20
columns of cells, and each column contains 5 apertures distributed at
random in the column. There are therefore 100 apertures in all, and
this is the maximum number of letters which may be enciphered in one
position of the grille. The plain text is inscribed vertically, from left to
right, using only as many columns as may be necessary to inscribe the
complete message. A 25-letter message would require but 5 columns. To
form the cryptogram the letters are transcribed horizontally from the
rows, taking the letters from left to right as they appear in the apertures.
If the total number of letters is not a multiple of 5, suﬂicient nulls are
added to make it so. In decryptographing, the total number of letters is
divided by 5, this giving the number of columns employed. The cipher
text is inscribed from left to right and top downwards in the apertures
in the rows of the indicated number of columns and the plain text then
reappears in the apertures in the columns, reading downward and from
left to right. (It is, of course, not essential that nulls be added in the
encipherment to make the length of the cryptogram an exact multiple of
5, for the matter can readily be handled even if this is not done. In de-
cipherment the total number of letters divided by 5 will give the number
of complete columns; the remainder left over from the division will give
the number of cells occupied by letters in the last column on the right.)

 

 

 

 

 

 

1' 31!! V
Jr. Limb.

 

Figure 53a.

120

