dozen or more different means; the most important, so far as this manna
is concerned, are—

(1) Wire:
Telephone.
Telegraph.
Teletypewriter.
Facsimile (picture or photo transmission).

(2) Radio:
Radiotelephone.
Radiotelegraph.
Radio teletypewriter.
Radio facsimile.

e.- WRITER. The person who actually prepares and signs the message
blank. The writer may be the originator or his ofﬁcially designated
representative.

f. ORIGINATOR. The authority who orders the message written and
sent. The commander may delegate this authority to one or more subor-
dinates. Ofﬁcers assigned as members of a unit’s general staff are

assumed to have been so designated. .

g. TIME or ORIGIN. The time shown on a message by the writer to
indicate the hour and minute when he completed its writing

h. ADDRESSEE. The authority (organization, ofﬁce, or person) to whom
a message is directed by the originator.

i. MESSAGE CENTER. That signal communication agency of a head-
quarters, or echelon thereof, which is charged with the receipt, routing
and delivery of all ofﬁcial messages except: those which are transmitted
directly from the originator to the addressee by means of a personal
agent, or telephone or teletypewriter provided for his personal use; mail
handled by military or civil postal services, and purely local messages.

j. COMMUNICATIONS CENTER. One or more agencies of signal com-
munication equipped to receive, route, and transmit ofﬁcial messages. A
communications center may be established at a point ﬁxed or mobile.

4. Cryptology and Secret Communication

a. Secrecy of intercommunication in military operations is of the
utmost importance. Need for it has been recognized from the earliest
days of organized warfare. That branch of knowledge which treats the
production, use and solution of the means and methods. of secret2 com-
munications is called cryptology.

1 Throughout this manual the term "secret" will be used in its ordinary sense as given in the
dictionary. Whmever the designation is used in the more restricted sense of the security classiﬁ-
cation as deﬁned in AR 380—5, it will be so indicated. There are in current use the classiﬁcations,
Rum'cted, Conﬁdential, Secret, and Top Secret, listed in ascending order of degree.

