REF 1D:A56932

from columns to form the cryptogram, the results are the same as though
a perforated grille had been employed. Thus:

 

A I

EIGRIIOLDARDDLTY
Cryptogram:

EWCRA EOLDA RDDAT Y
Figure 506.

d. It is obvious that a numerical key'. may be applied to effect a
columnar transposition in the foregoing method, giving additional
security. I

e. The method is applicable to grilles of other shapes, such as tri-
angles, pentagons, hexagons, octagons, etc.

f. In ﬁgure 50c it is noted that there are many cells that might be
occupied by letters but are not. It is obvious that these may be ﬁlled with
nulls so that the grid is completely ﬁlled with letters; Long messages may
be enciphered by the superposition of several diagrams of the same
dimensions as ﬁgure 50c.

105. Rectangular or "Post Card" Grilles

a. The grille shown in ﬁgure 51 differs from the ordinary revolving
grille in that (1) the apertures are rectangular in shape, and are greater
in width, thus permitting of inscribing several letters in the cells dis—
closed on the grid by each perforation of the grille; and (2) the grille
itself admits of but two positions with its obverse side up and two with
its reverse side up. In ﬁgure 51 the apertures are numbered in succes—
sion from top to bottom in four series, each applying to one position of
the grille; the numbers in parentheses apply to the apertures when the
grille is reversed; the numbers at the corners apply to the four positions
in which the grille may be placed upon the grid.

17. One of the ways in which such a grille may be used is to write the
ﬁrst letter of the text at the extreme left of the cell disclosed by aperture
1, the second letter, at the extreme left of the cell disclosed by aperture 2,
and so on. The grille is retained in the same position and the 17th letter
is written immediately to the right of the lst, the 18th immediately to the
right of the 2d, and so on. Depending upon the width of the aperture,
and thus of the cells disclosed on the grid, 2, 3, 4 . . . letters may' be
inserted in these cells. When all the cells have been ﬁlled, the grille may
then be placed in the second position, then the third, and ﬁnally, the
fourth.

117

 

