REF ID:A56932

b. The English language is written by means of 26 simple characters
called letters which, taken together and considered as a sequence of sym-
bols, constitute the alphabet of the language. Not all systems of writing
are of this nature. Chinese writing is composed of about 44,000 complex
characters, each representing one sense of a word. Whereas English
words are composite or polysyllabic and may consist-of one to eight or
more syllables, Chinese words are all monosyllables and each .mono-
syllable is a word. Written languages of the majority of other civilized
peoples of today are, however, alphabetic and polysyllabic in construction,
so that principles discussed here apply to all of them.

c. The letters composing the English alphabet used today are the results
of a long period of evolution, the complete history-of which may never
fully be known. They are conventional symbols representing elementary
sounds, and any other simple symbols, so long as the sounds which they
represent are agreed upon by those concerned, will serve the purpose
equally well. If taught from early childhood that the symbols $, *, and
@ represent the sounds “Ay,” “Bee,” and “See,” respectively, the
combination @$* would still be pronounced CAB, and would, of course,
have exactly the same meaning as before; or suppose that two persons
have agreed to change the sound values of the letters, F, G, and H, and
after long practice have become accustomed to pronouncing them as
“Ay,” “Bee,” and “See,” respectively. They would then write the “word"
HFG, pronounce it CAB, and see nothing strange whatever in the
matter. But to others not party to their arrangements HFG constitutes
cipher. The combination of sounds called for by this combination of sym-
bols is perfectly intelligible to the two who have adopted the new sound
values for those symbols and therefore pronounce HFG as CAB, but
HFG is utterly unpronounceable and wholly unintelligible to others who
are reading it according to their own long established sound-symbol basis.
It would be stated that there is no such word as HFG, which would
mean merely that the particular combination of sounds represented by
this combination of letters has not been adopted by convention to repre—
sent a thing or an idea in the English language. Thus it is seen that, in
order for the written words of a language to be pronounceable and
intelligible to all who speak that language, it is necessary, ﬁrst, that the
sound values of the letters or symbols be universally understood and
agreed upon and, secondly, that the particular combination of sounds
denoted by the letters should have been adopted to represent a thing or
an idea. Spoken plain language consists of vocables; that is, combina-
tions and permutations of elementary speech—sounds which have by long
usage come to be adopted and recognized as representing deﬁnite things
and ideas. Written plain language consists of words; that is, combina-
tions and permutations of simple symbols, called letters, which represent
visually and call forth vocally the elementary speech-sounds of which
the spoken language is composed.

34

