 

 

REF ID:A56932

: l:llI!-M¥LL1-'=m=~£32:=i‘.ﬂx=:zm:;~....... ......., .

CHAPTER 4
ELEMENTARY CODE SYSTEMS

 

Section I. GENERAL

68. Difference Between Code and Cipher Systems as Methods
of Cryptography

A code system is a more or less highly specialized form of substitution.
The basic principle underlying substitution cipher systems is the replace-
ment of the individual letter in the plain text of a message by other let—
lers, ﬁgures, or symbols. Occasionally the replacement or substitution
process is applied to groups of letters, and when this is done the groups
are usually of deﬁnite, or regular length. In cipher systems the units
with which the cryptographic treatment deals are the smallest of which
plain text can be composed. The basic principle underlying code systems,
however, is the replacement of entire words, long phrases, or complete
sentences constituting the plain text of a message by arbitrarily selected
equivalents having little or no relation to the elements they replace. These
equivalents may be other words, groups of letters, groups of ﬁgures, or
combinations. It is only exceptionally that the replacement or substitution
process is applied to elements smaller than whole words, and when this
is done the elements are single letters, groups of letters, or syllables. In
code systems the units with which the cryptographic treatment deals are
aggregates of smaller units—individual letters combined in various
groups of irregular length; that is, words, phrases, sentences.

69. Code Books and Codes

0. If it were possible to memorize a long list of words, phrases, and
sentences, together with the arbitrary equivalents called code groups as-
signed to represent them, there would be no need of having written or
Printed code books. In a code book, the words, phrases, and sentences
are listed in a systematic manner and accompanied by their code equiv—
alents. Correspondents must possess identical copies of the document in
order to communicate with one another. An ordinary dictionary may, and
Often does serve the purpose of code communication, so far as single
words are concerned, but as a rule a specially prepared document con—
taining the words, phrases, and sentences, suited to particular types of
correspondence, is used. Such documents are called, in the United States

63

