REF ID:A56932

of shifting about or varying the cipher alphabets contributes more to
cryptographic security than does the number of alphabets involved, or
their type. For example, it is quite possible to employ 26 direct-standard
alphabets in such an irregular sequence as to yield greater security than
is afforded by the use of 1,000 or more mixed alphabets in a regular or an
easily-ascertained method. The importance of this point is not generally
recognized by inventors.

(7. One of the serious limitations upon the development of good cipher
machines is that the number of letters in our alphabet, 26, does not lend
itself well to mechanical or mathematical manipulation, because it has but
the factors 1, 2, and 13; nor is it a perfect square. If the alphabet con—
sisted of 25, 27, or 36 characters, much more could be done. The addition
of ﬁgures or symbols to the 26—letter alphabet introduces the serious prac-
tical difﬁculty that the cryptograms will contain characters other than
letters and the cost of transmitting intermixtures of letters, ﬁgures, and
symbols by Morse telegraphy is prohibitive. Subterfuges of one sort or
another, employed to circumvent this difﬁculty, are usually impractical
and expensive.

151. The Converter M—209

a. This machine, widely used for low—echelon U. S. Army communica-
tions, is a small, compact, hand—operated, tape—printing, mechanical cipher
machine, weighing 6 pounds, with dimensions 7%,” x 57/16” x 3%”. The
cryptographic principle of this machine embodies polyalphabetic substitu-
tion, employing a complex mechanical arrangement to generate a long
running key which is used in conjunction with reversed standard alpha-
bets for the primary components. Despite the period of 101,405,850
before the keying cycle repeats, nevertheless a high degree of security
can be imparted to messages enciphered by means of this converter only
if the machine is properly used according to authorized instructions and
if the messages are drafted with proper regard for security.

b. Space does not permit the inclusion of details of operation, etc., of
this machine. However, full instructions as to its use, maintenance, and
repair will be found in TM 11—380, T‘Converter M—209, M—209—A,
M—209—B (Cipher)”.

152. Advantages and Disadvantages of Cipher Machines

0. The principles underlying the various machines which have thus
far been developed are so diverse and complex that no description of
them can be undertaken in this text. However, a few remarks of a
general character, dealing with the advantages and disadvantages of
cipher machines in military communications today, are deemed pertinent.

170

