 

REF ID:A56932

the 2—7 cell in D—Z; the second letter of D—l, which is E, is placed
in the 2—1 cell of D—2, and so on. The ﬁnal result is as follows:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

71532864 12345 rs
ans I'VERA 1R -HITVUI
I 5LLAMMUN12EVIALRDE
. arrourorosrruoorro

1URTHDIVI4IDNPOMSU

4SIONDUMP5LMMIANLU
I 13-1 . D—2
Figure41.

It will be seen that if the columns of D—2 are now read downwards
in straight order from left to right the ﬁnal cryptogram is identical
with that obtained in ﬁgure 39: REIIL DVTDM, etc.

d. The foregoing cipher, often called the Nihilist Cipher, is referred
to in some of the older literature as a double transposition cipher
becauSe it involves a transposition of both columns and rows; and
I. indeed as described in b above it seems to involve a double process.

It is, however, not an example of true double transposition. When

the mechanism of this cipher is compared with that now to be
. described, the great difference in the cryptographic security of the two
. methods will become apparent.

94. True Double Transposition

In the form of the false double transposition described above, it is
only entire columns and entire rows that are transposed. The disarrange-
ment of the letters is after all not very thorough. In true double trans-

; position this is no longer the case, for here the letters of columns and
i rows become so thoroughly rearranged that the ﬁnal text presents a
complete scrambling almost as though the letters of the message had
been tossed into a hat and then drawn out at random.

i Section I". TRUE DOUBLE TRANSPOSITION
i 95. True Double Transposition of the Columnar Type

a. It is by what is apparently a simple modiﬁcation of certain of the
c0111mnar methods already described that an exceedingly good true
double transposition can be effected. Let a numerical key be derived
from a keyword in the usual manner and let the message be written
out under this key to form a rectangle in the usual manner for colum-
nar transposition. The length of the message itself determines the
anct dimensions of the rectangle thus formed, and whether or not it
‘5 completely or incompletely ﬁlled.

102

 

