REF ID:A56932

characters other than those representing them in the normal alphabet.
These characters may be letters, ﬁgures, signs, symbols, or combinations
of them.

d. A more technical deﬁnition of a familiar cipher may now be given:
When the plain text of a message is converted into encrypted text by the
use of one or more cipher alphabets, the resultant cryptogram constitutes
a substitution cipher. I

38. Two Components of an 'Alphabet

It is convenient to designate that component of a cipher alphabet con-
stituting the sequence of speech—sounds the plain component, and the
component constituting the sequence of symbols the cipher component. If
the plain component is omitted in a cipher alphabet, the latter is under-
stood to be the normal sequence. For brevity and clarity, a letter of the
plain text, or of the plain component of a cipher alphabet, is designated
by sufﬁxing a small letter “p” to it: A, means A of the plain text, or of
the plain component of a cipher alphabet. Similarly, a letter of the cipher
text, or of the cipher component of a cipher alphabet, will be designated
by sufﬁxing a small letter “c” to it: Xc means X of the cipher text, or
of the cipher component of a cipher alphabet. The expression A,. = Xe
means that A of the plain text, or A of the plain component of a cipher
alphabet, is represented by X in the cipher text, or by X in the cipher
component of a cipher alphabet.

39. Standard and Mixed Cipher Alphabets

In the arrangement or sequence of letters forming its cipher compo-
nent, cipher alphabets arc of two kinds:

(1. Standard cipher alphabets, in which the sequence of letters in the
cipher component is the same as the normal, but reversed in direction or
shifted from its normal point of coincidence with the plain component.

17. Mixed cipher alphabets, in which the sequence of letters or char-
acters in the cipher component is no longer the same as the normal in its
entirety.

40. Enciphering and Deciphering Alphabets

All cipher alphabets may be classiﬁed on the basis of their arrange-
ment as enciphering or deciphering alphabets. An enciphering alphabet is
one in which the sequence of letters in the plain component coincides with
the normal sequence, and is arranged in that manner for convenience
in encipherment. In a deciphering alphabet the sequence of letters in the
cipher component coincides with the normal, for convenience in decipher-
ing. For example, in ﬁgure 9, (a) shows a mixed cipher alphabet
arranged as an enciphering alphabet; (b) shows the corresponding

36

