 

REF ID:A56932

9. Given the formula, the eight corners of the grille can be labeled in
various ways by prearrangement; but the simplest method is that shown
in connection with b of ﬁgure 49. Then the initial position of the grille
can be indicated by the number which appears at the upper left-hand
corner when the grille is placed on the grid, ready for use. Thus, position
1 indicates that the grille is in position with the ﬁgure 1 at the upper
left-hand corner; position 3, with the ﬁgure 3 at the upper left—hand
corner, etc. .

h. The direction of revolving the grille can be clockwise or counter-
clockwise, so that correspondents must make arrangements beforehand
as to which direction is to be followed.

1'. Revolving grilles can be constructed so that they have two operating
faces, an obverse and a reverse face. They may be termed revolving-
reversible grilles. The principles of their construction merely involve a
modiﬁcation of those described in connection with ordinary revolving
grilles. A revolving—reversible grille will have eight possible placement
indicators; usually positions 1 and 5, 2 and 6, and so forth, correspond
in this obverse—reverse relationship, as shown in ﬁgure 43.

j. The principles of construction described above apply also to grilles
of other shapes, such as triangles, pentagons, and so forth.

104. lNonpen‘oral‘ed Grilles

a. All the effects of a grille with actual perforations may be obtained
by the modiﬁed use of a nonperforated grille. Let the cells that': would
normally be cut out in a grille be indicated merely by crosses thereon,
and then on a sheet of cross-section paper let the distribution of'- letters
resulting from each placement of the grille on a grid be indicated by
inserting crosses in the appropriate cells, as shown in ﬁgure 50.

Grille Grille Position

   

bUNH

Figure 5011. Figure 501).

b. Note should be made of the fact that in ﬁgure 50b the distribu—
tion of crosses shown in the third row of cells is the reverse of that
showu in the ﬁrst; the distribution shown in the fourth row is the reverse
of that shown in the second. This rule is applicable to all revolving
grilles and is of importance in solution.

1:. If the letters of the text are now inscribed (normal manner of
writing) in the cells not eliminated by crosses, and the letters transcribed

116

