l

 
  
 
 
   

REF ID:A56932

(2) Reversed standard, in which the cipher component is also the
normal sequence but runs in the opposite direction from the
normal. Example:

—))
Plain: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Cipher : QPONMLKJIHGFEDCBAZYXWVUTSR
.(__

Here the cipher component can be applied to the plain com-
ponent at any of 26 points of coincidence, each yielding a
different cipher alphabet. There is in this case, therefore, a
series of 26 (reversed standard) cipher alphabets.

b. It is often convenient to refer to or designate one of a series of
cipher alphabets without ambiguity or circumlocution. The usual method
is to indicate the particular alphabet to which reference is made by citing
a pair of equivalents in that alphabet. For example, the reversed alphabet
above, one of a series of 26 related alphabets, may be designated as that
in which Ln = Fc or Wp = Uc. But the most common basis of refer-
ence is the letter which represents the ﬁrst or initial letter of the plain
component, usually A,. Thus, the key for the cipher alphabet just
referred to, as well as that preceding it, is A, = Qc, and it is said that the
key letter for the cipher alphabet is Qc.

43. Reciprocal Alphabets

a. The cipher alphabet in paragraph 42a (2) is also a reciprocal
alphabet; that is, the equivalents show reciprocity and are reversible or
reciprocal in pairs. For example, in the alphabet referred to, Ap = Qc
and 9,. =Ac ; B, = PC and Pp = Be, etc. The reciprocity exists through-
out the alphabet and is a result of the method by which it was formed.

b. A series of related reciprocal alphabets may be derived by juxtapos—
ing at all possible points of coincidence two components which are identi»
cal but progress in opposite directions. This holds regardless of whether
the components are composed of an even or an odd number of elements.
The reciprocal alphabet (par. 42a (2)) is one of such a series of 26
alphabets. -

C. A single or isolated reciprocal alphabet may be produced in one of
two ways:

(1) By constructing a complete reciprocal alphabet by arbitrary or
random assignments of values in pairs. That is, if A, is made
Kc, then K,, is made Ac; if B, is made Re, then R, is made Be,
and so on. If the two components thus constructed are slid
against each other no additional reciprocal alphabets will be
produced.

(2) By juxtaposing a sequence comprising an even number of
elements against the same sequence shifted exactly half way to
the right (or left), as seen below;

