valuable cryptanalytic intelligence which greatly facilitates the
solution of new cryptograms from the same sources.

17. Degree of Crytographic Security Required of a System for
Military Use

The ideal cryptographic system for military purposes would be a
single, all—purpose system which would be practicable for use not only by
the largest ﬁxed headquarters but also by the smallest troop unit in the
combat area, and which would also present such a. great degree of crypto-
graphic security that, no matter how much trafﬁc became available, all
in the same key, the cryptograms composing this trafﬁc would resist
solution indeﬁnitely. Such an ideal system however, is beyond the realm
of possibility so far as present methods of cryptographic communication
are concerned; in fact, a multiplicity of systems must be employed, each
more or less speciﬁcally designed for a particular purpose. Of each such
system, the best that can be expected is that the degree of security be
great enough to delay solution by the enemy for such a length of time
that when the solution is ﬁnally reached the information thus obtained
has lost all its “short term,” immediate, or operational value, and much
of its "long term,” research, or historical value.

18. Fundamental Practical Requirements of a Cryptographic
System for Military Use '

a. Military cryptograms must meet certain fundamental requirements
of a practical nature because of deﬁnite limiting conditions in present
military signal communication means and methods.

b. These requirements are (1) reliability, (2) security, (3) rapidity,
(4) ﬂexibility, and (5) economy. Their relative importance is in the
order named.

c. Reliability is of ﬁrst importance. Reliability, as applied to a crypto-
graphic system or device, means that the cryptograms produced by‘ the
sending or originating ofﬁce will be decryptographed promptly, ac-
curately, and without ambiguity by the receiving ofﬁce; that the crypto—
graphic system, whether a book, machine, or device, will be on hand and
in good working order, available for instant use; and that when used it
can be expected to be operative as Ionglas needed. Simplicity is implied
in reliability; usually, the more simple the system, the more reliable it is.
Security is. the protection aﬂ‘orded by a sound cryptographic system;
rapidity, the speed with which messages can be cryptographed and de-
cryptographed, usually expressed in words or S-letter groups per minute.
The conﬂicting requirements of security and rapidity vary according to
circumstances. Signal communication personnel must be governed by
general principles, subject to existing circumstances, rather than by rigid
