REF ID:A56932

second place, within a very short time the number of messages available
for study becomes so great, and the inevitable blunders in the handling
of communications have become so numerous that a solution by detailed
study can always be made by the enemy, with a consequent disclosure of
the general system. If a cryptographic system adopted for military use
were such that messages in that system could be solved easily without
the speciﬁc keys applicable to the messages once the underlying methods
became known, the entire system would have to be changed, a new system
devised, and thousands of persons in the military service trained in its
operation. This, of course, would be impracticable. It is assumed that
the enemy has knowledge of the general cryptographic system, its cipher
devices, instruments, or machines. Only cryptographic documents which
are given a limited distribution can be kept secret from the enemy, but
they can be kept secret only for a variable length of time before they
must be changed. These changes, as a rule, do not affect their method of
usage. In cipher sytems, the speciﬁc key must be susceptible of easy
and rapid changes by prearrangement between correspondents. In
systems for use by secret agents or very small military parties in the
theater of operations, the key may be an easily remembered word, phrase,
sentence, or number; it must not require the carrying of written notes on
the person. In systems for use by commanders of large and intermediate
or even small headquarters in the theater of operations, the speciﬁc key
may be in the form of written memoranda, paper tapes, and the like.
Generally, the speciﬁc key must be the same throughout a given period
of time for all the members of an intercommunicating network, or at
least only a very limited number of speciﬁc keys must be in simultaneous
effect; otherwise confusion and delay are inevitable. As a consequence
of this requirement, the enemy may intercept a good many messages all
in the same speciﬁc key. A cryptographic system for military use must
conform to all requirements of practicability set forth in section IV,
chapter 1, and to the foregoing section concerning the speciﬁc key; this
system must be such that it is practically impossible for the enemy to
solve any message quickly enough to make the information obtained of
real or immediate value in the tactical situation, even though he is in full
knowledge of the general method of the system, possesses the cipher
device or apparatus, if used, and may have available for study 1,000 or
more cryptograms sent on the same day. There is no single cryptographic
system yet known which fully meets all these requirements, and in order
to provide the necessary degree of security for a large army several
different types of ciphers and cipher machines, as well as small codes
for front line use, must be employed simultaneously.

78

 

