of a speciﬁc message, or it controls the steps followed in cryptographing
a specific message. This element—usually of a variable nature and
changeable at the will of the correspondents, or prearranged for them or
for their agents by higher authority—is the speciﬁc key. The speciﬁc key
may also involve the use of a set of specially prepared tables, a special
document, or even a book.

c. Hereafter, the general cryptographic system will be referred to as
the system, and the speciﬁc key, as the key.

9. Cryptanalytics and Cryptanalysis

a. In theory, any cryptographic system except one can be broken down
if enough time and skill are devoted to it, and if the volume of trafﬁc is
large enough. This can be done even if the general cryptographic system
and the speciﬁc key are unknown at the start. The exception is the “one
time” system in which the key is used only once and in itself must have
no systematic construction, derivation, or meaning. In military operations
theoretical rules must usually give way to practical considerations. How
the theoretical rule in this case is affected by practical considerations
will be taken up in subsequent portions of this manual.

b. That branch of cryptology which deals with the principles, methods,
and means employed in the solution or analysis of cryptograms is called
cryptanalytics.

c. The steps and operations performed in applying the principles of
cryptanalytics constitute cryptanalysis. To cryptanalyze a cryptogram is
to solve it by cryptanalysis.

d. A person skilled in the art of cryptanalysis is called a cryptanalyst,
and a clerk who assists in such works is called a cryptanalytic technician.

Section III. TWO CLASSES OF CRYPTOGRAPHIC
SYSTEMS

10. Transposition and Substitution

a. Technically there are only two distinct types of treatment which
may be applied to plain text to convert it into secret text, yielding two
different classes of cryptograms. In the ﬁrst, called transposition, the
elements or units of the plain text, whether one is dealing with individual
letters or groups of letters, syllables, whole words, phrases and sentences,
retain their original identities and merely undergo some change in their
relative positions or sequences so that the message becomes unintelligible.
In the second, called substitution, the elements of the plain texﬁ retain
their original positions or sequences but are replaced by other elements
with diﬁerent values or meanings.

b. It is possible to cryptograph a message by a substitution method
and then to apply a tran5position method to the substitution text, or vice
