 

REF ID:A56932

e. A simple variation of the foregoing method which is frequently
effective with true digraphic methods of substitution is to write 0%
under 6‘5, and then encipher the set_s_2f juxtaposed '0—15, letters digraphi-
cally, then the sets of juxtaposed 9202p letters. Thus, let the message be
WILL RETURN AT ONCE; it would be written down as follows :1

WLRTRAO C
ILEUNTNE

Then the following pairs would be enciphered: WLP, 1m, m,
6a,, E, etc. The foregoing message eneiphered in this manner by

means of the Playfair Square shown in ﬁgure 63, for example, yields
the following cryptogram:

Plain text: WI: RT RA 0C IL EU NT NE
Cipher: V0 IR TN LT CQ EN AR RP
Cryptogram: VOIRT NLTCQ HNARR P

f. Naturally the transposition process may involve groups of let-

ters; a simple type of disarrangement is to reverse the order of the '

letters in 5-letter groups, or within 5—letter groups a transposition such
as 3—2—1—4—5 or 2—1—5—3—4 (any of 120 different arrangements)
is possible.

g. Columnar transposition methods lend themselves especially well
to combination with substitution methods. An excellent example will
be considered under the next section.

135. Polyliteral Substitution Combined with Transposition

In paragraph lllb the essential nature of polyliteral substitution as
contrasted with monoliteral substitution was discussed. Polyliteral
methods make use of polypartite alphabets in which the cipher equiva-
lents are composed of two or more parts. This being the case it is a
natural extension of cryptographic processes to separate these parts or
to distribute them throughout the cipher text so that the components or,
so to speak, fractional parts of the cipher equivalents are thoroughly
disarranged and distributed evenly or irregularly throughout the text.

136. Fractionating Systems

a. A simple example will ﬁrst be shown. Let the following bipartite
cipher alphabet be drawn up by assigning numerical equivalents from
01 to 26 in mixed sequence to the letters of the normal sequence. Thus:

'In preparing the text for encipherment, the clerk must bear 'in mind that if the normal

Playfair system is to be used no doublets can be enciphered. The message WE WILL LEAVE
. would be arranged thusz.

WXILXEV
EWLXLAE

155

 

 

