manually copied or automatically recorded by special apparatus suited
for the purpose. Correspondents have no way of knowing whether or not
radio transmissions are being copied by the enemy, since the unauthorized
copying does not interfere in the slightest degree with signals being
transmitted. Interception of wire trafﬁc is much more difficult than of
radio, mainly because the equipment must be located very near the wire
line, or connected directly to it. The act of listening-in and copying or
recording electrically-transmitted messages by persons other than the cor-
respondents or their authorized agents is called interception. The pur-
pose of interception is to obtain copies of messages transmitted and, by
studying them, to obtain information. In time of war, it must be assumed
that the enemy will intercept all messages transmitted by any signal
communication agency susceptible of interception. -

b. it is also possible to determine, with a fair degree of accuracy, the
direction of a radio transmitter from a given location and, by establishing
the direction from two or more locations, it is possible to determine the
geographical location of the transmitter. The science which deals with
the means and methods of determining the direction in which a radio
transmitter lies is called radio direction ﬁnding; the method of deter-
mining the geographical location of a radio transmitter, by the use of
two or more direction-ﬁnding installations, is called radio position
ﬁnding.

c. Messages may be transmitted by signals with special apparatus
which distort, disguise, or completely hide the signals themselves, so that
the processes of interception and recording the signals are very difficult,
and intercept personnel may not even be aware Of the existence of such
signals. All such methods of transmitting messages fall in the class
designated in this manual as system of secret signaling. Signaling by
means of so-called “black light,” that is, invisible or infra-red light
waves, falls into this category. Methods of disguising or distorting
voice or picture transmissions (par. 2c) require more or less highly-
specialized apparatus for the interception of the signals and their inter—
pretation or recording in recognizable form. As a rule, the signals of
practically all systems of secret signaling can be intercepted and recorded
in a form suitable to making the signals understood by one of the senses,
usually visual or auditory. Ordinarily, this requires special apparatus
but can sometimes be done without the speciﬁc apparatus used in forming
or sending the signals, or the “key” used in their distortion, or disguise.

14. Trafﬁc Analysis and Crypi'analysis

a. A great deal of information of military value can be obtained by
studying signal communications without solving the crytographed mes-
sages constituting the trafﬁc. The procedure and the methods used have
yielded results of sufﬁcient importance to warrant the application of 3
