 

REF ID:A56932

of some of the fundamental rules of cryptographic security. Because the

plain-text words give deﬁnite clues to the meaning of the adjacent code.

groups, even though the former may apparently convey no intelligibility
in themselves (such words as and, but, by, comma, for, in, period, stop,
that, the, eta), their presence constitutes a fatal danger, and no cryptog-
rapher who is aware of this danger will countenance such intermixtures.

b. It often happens that correspondents employ a code which makes
no provision for encoding proper names or unusual words not included
in the vocabulary of the code book. Rather than leave the unencodable
text in plain language in the message, since its appearance will surely
lead to clues to unauthorized reading of the message, the correspondents
encipher such words and proper names by means of any prearranged
cipher system. Also, in some cases, when the code is limited in its
vocabulary and the various inﬂections of words are not represented, the
correspondents may suffix the proper inﬂections (“ed,” “ing,” “tion,”
etc.) in cipher. This procedure, however, is not to be recommended,
because it considerably reduces the cryptographic security of the whole
system. _ .

c. Sometimes correspondents make use of two or more codes. within
the same message. This is occasionally the case when they are making
use of a general or commercial code which does not have all the Special
expressions necessary for their business, the latter expressions being
contained in a small private code. Sometimes, however, the intermixture
of code text from several codes is done for the purposes of secrecy,
though'it is, as a rule, a rather poor subterfuge.

'Section II. ENCIPHERED CODE
155. General

a.- The purposes of enciphering code have already beenexplained to-
gether with brief indications of methods. The superimposition of a. good
cipher system upon the code text of a message is a safeand practical
method of cryptography for governmental use, where more rapid ma-
chine methods are not available.

I). In the subsequent paragraphs, for brevity and ease in reference,
the term placode" will be employed to designate the actual or unen-
ciphered code groups representing the plain-text elements; the term is
derived by telescoping the words plain and code. On the other hand, the
term encicode“ will be employed to designate the ﬁnal product of the
superencipherment; it is likewise derived by telescoping the words en-
ciphered and code.

I’15’ronoun0ed “play-code” and "en-sigh’-c0de."

175

 

 

