 

REF ID:A56932

bers, the rectangle shown in (a) of ﬁgure 6 is prepared and then the
columns (of cells) are ﬁlled in numerical order. An early stage in the
decryptographing is represented in (b) of ﬁgure 6. It is only after the
process has been ﬁnished that the complete message reappears, as shown
in (c) of ﬁgure 6.

c. The method indicated above may vary considerably by changing
(1) the key word, (2) the route followed in inscribing the letters of the
plain text, and (3) the route followed in transcribing them to form the
cipher text. A change in key daily, or oftener, is possible; or, by drawing
up a whole list of daily keys for a given period, automatic change in key
can be provided for without indicating in the cryptograms the applicable
key. It is also possible to prepare a long list of suitable keys and to
designate each key by an indicator inserted in the cryptogram in a pre-
arranged position. Indicators may be words, numbers, groups of letters,
or single letters. For example, each key in a list of 500 may be indicated
by a single pair of letters inserted at the beginning, at the end, or at any
prearranged position of the cryptogram. This procedure has a disadvan—
tage, however: if an error occurs at the particular position of the crypto-
gram containing the indicator, the decryptographing is made difﬁcult if
not impossible. For this reason indicators, if used, are often inserted
in at least two positions in the cryptogram, usually at or near the
beginning and end.

d. The letters of the plain text may be inscribed in the rectangle
according to any one of the routes indicated in ﬁgure 1. If the tran-
scribing process is accomplished by reading whole columns or whole
rows, according to a prearranged plan which follows a route perpendicu-
lar to the inscribing route (except in the case of spiral inscription), the
decryptographing process is simple. Only certain of the simpler combina-
tions of inscription and transcription are 'suitable for military use, the
most practicable being those illustrated in ﬁgures 5 and 6.

28. Columnar Transposition with lncompletely Filled Red-angles

a. The degree of cryptographic security of columnar transposition is
much increased if the rectangle is not completely ﬁlled. It is impossible
to go into the reasons for this increased security without demonstrating
solutions; sufﬁce it to say that the solution will be more difﬁcult than
would be suspected if one or more cells are vacant in the last row of the
rectangle. An example of cryptographing and decryptographing is shown
in ﬁgure 7. _

b. To decryptograph such a cryptogram one must ﬁrst count the
number of letters in the text and then outline on cross-section paper a
rectangle which will exactly contain the message, crossing off the cells
which must remain vacant. In the foregoing example, the text contains
30 letters and, since the key contains 7 letters, the outlined rectangle is as

28

 

