REF ID:A56932

over S on the outer sequence. The letter to which the short hand
points is the cipher equivalent of S and is written down. Then the
long hand is moved clockwise to a position over E, the letter to
which the short hand points is noted and written down. When a double
letter occurs in the plain text, as in the case of the double M of
AMMUNITION, some infrequently used letter, such as Q, must
be substituted for the second occurrence of the letter. To decipher a
message, the hands are returned to their initial prearranged position,
and then the long hand is moved clockwise until the short hand points
to the ﬁrst cipher letter; the long hand is then directly over the
plain-text letter. The process is continued until all the letters have
been deciphered.

d. A consideration of the foregoing details shows that the encipher-
ment of a message depends upon a combination of the following
variables:

( 1) The sequence of letters in the outer circle. In the case just
considered, this sequence must be regarded as a known
sequence, since it consists merely of the normal alphabet plus
one character.

(2) The sequence of letters in the inner circle.

(3) The initial juxtaposition of the two sequences.

(4) The exact composition of the text to be enciphered, since
this will determine the number of revolutions of the long
hand required to encipher a given number of letters of the
message.

e. It is obvious that if the outer alphabet is made a mixed alphabet,
as well as the inner, both being different, the cryptograms will be
made the more secure against cryptanalysis.

f. The same results as are obtained by using the device can be
obtained by using sliding strips of paper, providing the operator will
bear in mind that every time a 6\,. on the plain component is situated
to the left of the preceding 0,, he must displace the cipher component
one interval to the left, if the correspondents have agreed upon a
clockwise movement of the long hand, or to the right, if they have
agreed upon a counterclockwise movement of the long hand.

143. Jefferson Cipher

a. Credit for the invention of the cipher system and device now
to be described belongs to Thomas Jefferson,“ the original inventor,

‘1 The late John M. Manly, Ph. 13., formerly Captain, Military Intelligence Division, U. S. A.,
discovered, in 1922, a description of the device among Jefferson’s Papers in the Library of
Congress (vol. 232, item 41575, Jefferson’s Papers). For a photographic reproduction of this
historically interesting item, see pp. 189—91 of Article: on Cryptography and Cryptanalyri:
Reprinted From The Signal Corps Bulletin, Signal Security Service Publication, OCSigO,
Washington, 1942.

166

