REF ID:A56932

resulting from a ﬁrst transposition and apply a second transposition to
them; cryptograms so prepared often present a very great degree of
security. Triple and quadruple transposition is possible but wholly
impracticable for common use. Only a very limited number of double
transposition methods are practicable for military use, but the degree of
security afforded by certain of them is much greater than that afforded
by certain much more complicated substitution methods.

34: Factors Concerning Use of Transposition Systems

a. The transposition methods described above provide a wide range
of cryptographic security; in some there is very little security, in others
there is a great deal. All transposition systems usually present important
advantages in speed and simplicity. These advantages have led to attempts
to increase security in some manner or other; double transposition
schemes, rotating grilles, and other more complicated methods have con—
sequently been developed. In only certain types are written memoranda
or devices required. Very often the entire cryptographing process in even
very complex methods may be easily memorized by persons of very good
intelligence, such as secret agents. For these reasons transposition systems
are often useful in espionage and counterespionage activities.

I). But transposition ciphers for military usage present three very
serious disadvantages. In the ﬁrst place, the methods are such that they
do not allow any latitude for errors in handling. Often if a single letter
is omitted or added, as not infrequently happens in telegraphic trans-
mission, the whole message becomes difﬁcult if not impossible to decryp-
tograph. In the second place, if two or more messages prepared in the
same key and containing exactly the same number of letters are available
for study, no matter how complicated the method employed, the crypto-
grams can be solved, and the key recovered, and applied to other
cryptograms in the same key but with different numbers of letters. In
military cryptography it is not unusual, in cases of heavy traﬂﬁc, to have
as many as 100 or 200 messages transmitted on the same day, all in the
same key. Control from a central headquarters of the exact message
length would obviously be impossible. The chances, therefore, that the
enemy may actually intercept and ﬁnd several messages of identical
length are not negligible. Thus, a transposition method presenting an
extremely high degree of cryptographic security when only a few
messages are to be cryptographed fails seriously when employed for
heavy traﬁic. Finally, in certain cases, where the double transposition
produces a great degree of security, it is almost inevitable that a poorly
trained or careless cryptographic clerk will fail to perform both steps
correctly. Not only messages prepared by one poor or careless operator,
but all other messages, even though correctly prepared, are thus laid
open to solution.

32

