b. Intercommunication may be conducted by any means susceptible of
ultimate interpretation by one of the ﬁve senses, but those most com-
monly used are visual or auditory. Aside from the use of simple visual
and auditory signals for intercommunication over relatively short dis-
tances, the usual method of intercommunication involves, at one stage
or another, the act of writing, speaking over a telephone, or of drawing
or taking a picture.

c. To preserve secrecy of intercommunication by telephone, there are
means and methods of disguising the electrical currents in telephony so
that the messages or conversations can be understood only by persons
provided with the proper equipment. The same thing is true of secrecy
in the electrical transmission of pictures, drawings, maps, etc. However,
this manual is concerned only with secrecy of intercommunication by
means of messages conveying in written words the thoughts, orders,
reports, etc., of the originator to the addressee.

d. Writing may be either visible or invisible. In the former, the charac—
ters are inscribed with ordinary writing materials and can be seen with
the naked eye; in the latter, the characters are inscribed by'means or
methods which make the writing invisible to the naked eye. Invisible
writing is done with certain chemicals called invisible, sympathetic, or
secret inks which have the property of either being initially invisible to
the naked eye or becoming so after a short time. In order to make writing
done with secret inks visible, special processes must usually be applied.
There are also methods of producing writings which is invisible because
the characters are of microscopic size. These methods usually require
either special photographic apparatus or very delicate mechanical instru—
ments called micropantographs, by means of which ordinary writing may
be copied in extremely reduced size. Magnifying lenses must be used to
make such writing visible to the naked eye.

e. Invisible writing and visible writing prepared in a form unintel-
ligible in the language in which it is written, constitute secret writing.
Both of these forms of secret writing have their uses in military com—
munications, but this manual deals only with visible secret writing.

5. Plain Text and Encrypted Text

a. A visible message which conveys an intelligible meaning in the
language in which it is written, with no hidden meaning, is said to be in
plain text. A message in plain text is called a plain-text message, a clear—
text message, or a message in clear.

b. A visible message which conveys no intelligible meaning in any
language is said to be in encrypted text. Such a message is termed a
cryptogram.

c. A visible message may convey an intelligible meaning which may
not be the real meaning intended. To quote a simple example of a mes-
