special term to this ﬁeld of study; namely, traffic analysis‘, which is the
study of signal communications and intercepted or monitored trafﬁc for
the purpose of gathering military information without recourse to crypt—
analysis.

b. In general terms, trafﬁc analysis is the careful inspection and study
of signal communications for the purpose of penetrating camouﬂage
superimposed upon the communication network for purposes of security.
Speciﬁcally, trafﬁc analysis reconstructs radio communication networks
by: (1) noting volume, direction, and routing of messages; (2) corre—
lating transmission frequencies and schedules used among and within the
various networks; (3) determining directions in which transmitters lie.
by means of radio direction ﬁnding; (4) locating transmitters geo—
graphically, by radio position ﬁnding; (5) developing the system of
assigning and changing radio call signs; (6) studying all items that
constitute “conversations” or “chat” exchanged among operators on
radio channel.

c. From a correlation of general and speciﬁc information derived from
these procedures, trafﬁc analysis is able not only to ascertain the geo-
graphic location and disposition of troops and military units (technically
called "order of battle”) and important troop movements, but also to
predict with a fair degree of reliability the areas and extent of imme-
diately pending or future activities. Trafﬁc analysis procedures are fol-
lowed to obtain information of value concerning the enemy, and to
determine what information concerning our own forces is made avail-
able to the enemy through our own signal communications.

d. These very important results are obtained without actually'reading
the texts of the intercepted messages; the solution and translation of
messages are the functions of cryptanalysis and not trafﬁc analysis.
However, the cryptanalyst is frequently able to make good use of bits
of information disclosed by trafﬁc analysis such as faults noted in mes-
sage routing and errors in cryptography causing messages to be duplicated
or canceled. Cryptanalysis can provide important information for trafﬁc
analysis, since the solution of messages often yields data on impending
changes in signal communication plans, operating frequencies and sched-

ules, etc. It also yields data'on speciﬁc channels, networks, or circuits

which are most productive of intelligence, so that effective control and
direction of intercept agencies for maximum results can be achieved.
e. In addition to (1) trafﬁc analysis and (2) cryptanalysis as means of
obtaining information relating to communications, further data may be
obtained (3) by the use of secret agents for espionage, (4) by the cap—
ture and interrogation of prisoners, (5) by the capture of headquarters
or. command posts with records more or less intact, and (6) by treason
or carelessness on the part of personnel who handle communications. Of

4Which may be abbreviated tranalysis.
