REF ID:A56932

groups. However, because of the more limited number of characters
available for permutations, the maximum number of Z-ﬁgure difference
groups possible in a S-ﬁgure code is 10‘, or 10,000.

Section III. ONE-PART AND TWO-PART CODES

75. Arrangement of Contents of Codes
a. In their construction or arrangement, codes are generally of two
types:

(1) One-part, or alphabetical codes. The plain-text groups are
arranged in alphabetical order accompanied by their code groups
in alphabetical or numerical order. Such a code serves for
decoding as well as for encoding.

(2) Two-part, or randomized codes. The plain-text groups are
arranged in alphabetical order accompanied by their code groups
in a nonalphabetical order. The code groups are assigned to
the plain-text groups at random by drawing the code groups out
of a box in which they have been thoroughly mixed, or by
some other manner in which the element of chance operates.
Such a list can serve only for encoding. For decoding, another
list must be provided in which the code groups are arranged
in alphabetical or numerical order and are accompanied by their
meanings as given in the encoding section. For this reason a
two-part code is often called a cross-reference code. The follow-
ing brief extracts from typical one—part and two-part codes
illustrate the difference between them:

 

 

 

 

 

 

Two-part code.
One-pert cede.
Encoding Section Decoding Section
ABABD A GAIVY A ABABD Obstructed
ABAC! Abett TOGTY Abnn ABACF Term
ABAEK Abandon FEHIL Abandon ABAEK Zero
ABAJL . . . . it BAYLT . . . . it ABAJL Iii: has not
ABALN‘ Abendoned zYZYz Abandoned ABALN‘ To be sent by
ABAMP _ . . . . by NYSYZ . . . -. by ABAMP Acoeding
ABAWZ Abandoning IFWUZ Abandoning ABAWZ Building
ABBAD Abandonment RUMGO Abandonment. ABBAD Do not attempt
zvzyz Zero ABAHEu-Zbi'b- """"" i?’z'ir'i""28i§é6£'e€""

 

 

 

 

 

 

b. Between the two extremes are codes which have features of both;
that is, complete sections may be arranged in random sequence, but
within each section the contents are arranged in some systematic or
logical order. This is true, however, only of some of the older codes. In
modern types, the two-part construction is more common.

69

 

 

 

