REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER 6
CORRECTION OF ERRORS

 

81. Sources of Error in Cryptography

Errors, mutilations, and garbles are some of the names applied to the
inaccuracies that occur in cryptographic communication. They are so
common and so troublesome that commanders who, for the most part,
already regard cryptographic processes as hopelessly slow and cumber—
some, often become much prejudiced against their use in active opera-
tions. Therefore, instruction in the correction of errors is an essential
part of the training of personnel assigned to cryptographic work. Train—
ing and experience will reduce the time necessary to correct the most
common types of errors, which may be traced to the following sourcesr

a. Cryptographing and decryptographing, including the simple process
of copying by hand or by typewriter.

17. Transmission and reception by all means of signal communication
other than those in which the cryptograms are physically carried from
origin to destination. '

82. Practical Suggestions for Eliminating Errors

0. Errors in cryptographing and decryptographing can be much
reduced though not wholly eliminated, by systematizing the work so far
as possible and invariably checking it. Great care must be exercised in
the formation of letters in writing, and roman capitals should always be
used. If copied messages are checked for correctness by two operators,
one reading the letters to the other, a phonetic alphabet must be used in
order to prevent misunderstandings. In forward areas it is impossible to
provide suitable or convenient quarters for personnel engaged in crypto-
graphic work, but in rear areas and at the larger headquarters this per-
sonnel will work much more efﬁciently in a quiet, well ventilated ofﬁce.
To check the accuracy of cryptographic work it is always advisable, when
possible, that an operator other than the original cryptographic clerk
decryptograph the message. In checking his own work, an operator should
actually decryptograph it—not merely check his cryptographing—because
it is a psychological fact that persons have a tendency to repeat an error
unconsciously. The most serious errors in cryptographic work leading to
difﬁculties and delays in decryptographing are not the mere mistakes in
the writing down of letters, but are errors of a fundamental nature which
the operator says, when it comes back to him, “I don’t see how i could

79

 

