 

 

REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER 3
ELEMENTARY SUBSTITUTION SYSTEMS

 

Section I. GENERAL

35. Fundamental Nature of Substitution Methods. Cipher
Systems and Code Systems

Methods now to be described differ from those above in that elements
or textual units composing the original plain text retain their relative
positions, but not their identities, and are replaced by other elements or
textual units so that the external form of the writing is cryptographic in
nature. For this reason these methods are called substitution methods.
They may deal with individual letters, pairs of letters, sets of letters in
regular groups, syllables, whole words, phrases, and sentences. Substitu—
tion methods may accordingly be subdivided into letter methods, syllable
methods, and word methods, as in the case of transposition methods;
but such a classiﬁcation is a rather arbitrary one and is not based on the
nature, form, or external appearance of the cryptographic text. For
example, a substitution method dealing with single letters of the plain text
may not involve their replacement by other single letters. In some cases
whole words may be used to replace single letters. Outwardly, such a
cryptogram gives the appearance of dealing with words, but its internal
nature is quite clear: single-letter substitution has been effected. The
classiﬁcation indicated is, nevertheless, a useful one. When the crypto-
graphic process involves the treatment of individual letters or pairs of
letters, and only exceptionally the treatment of syllables or whole words,
the method is known as a substitution cipher system; and when the
process involves the treatment of whole words, phrases, or sentences, and
only exceptionally the treatment of individual letters, groups of letters,
or syllables, the method is known as a code system, because it usually
necessitates the use of a code book.

36. Nature of Alphabets

a. The simplest kind of substitution cipher is that which is known in
literature as Julius Caesar’s Cipher, but which, as a matter of fact, was a
favorite long before his day. In this cipher each letter of the text of a
message is replaced by the letter standing the third to the right of it in
the ordinary alphabet; the letter A is replaced by D, the letter B by E,
and so on. The word CAB becomes converted into F DE which is cipher.

33

 

 

