 

REF ID:A56932

being given their letter-code equivalents. Some of these methods
are explained below.

159. Arithmetical Methods

These are the most important of the various methods of superencipher—
ing code, and must be dealt with in somewhat greater detail than the
foregoing methods. There are several different types of treatment,
each of which will be brieﬂy discussed in the subsequent subparagraphs.

160. Single or Fixed Additives

a. If the code groups are numerical, the addition of an arbitrarily
selected number to each code group in the code message constitutes a
simple form of superencipherment. It may be varied by prearrangement
between correspondents, simply by changing the ﬁxed number as fre-
quently as may be deemed necessary, or by some easily arranged system
of change. The group of digits composing the number which is added to
the placode values is commonly termed an additive group, or, mone
often, an additive, or SOmetimes simply an adder. In deeipherment, the
additive is merely removed from the received encicode groups by sub-
tractiOn, leaving the placode groups, which can then be decoded by refer-
ence to the code book. Often the date or some number derivable from the
date is employed as the additive but usually the number is simply an
arbitrarily composed group of digits. Because the same number is em—
ployed throughout the encipherment of the entire code message, such
an additive is called a ﬁxed additive.

b. Methods such as the foregoing are particularly weak crypto-
graphically if the basic code book and the code groups embody limita-
tions in construction. For example, should it be employed in connection
with a code having only 3,000 groups numbered consecutively from 0000
to 2999, then the initial digits of the groups are limited to the three
digits 0, 1, and 2; the application of a ﬁxed additive can therefore pro—
duce only three different digits as the initial digits of the encicode text.
This phenomenon would, of course, soon lead to the determination of
the initial digits of the placode groups.

c. One rather simple scheme involving the use of ﬁxed additives in
the case of codes having alphabetical as well as numerical code groups
is to apply the ﬁxed additive to the numerical code groups representing
the plain-text words or phrases and then take the alphabetical code
groups corresponding to the sums as the ﬁnal encicode groups. In codes
of this type the additives may be rather large numbers and the process
of ﬁnding the alphabetical code groups corresponding to the sums is very
easy. But in codes wherein only alphabetical code groups are listed, that
is, no ﬁgure-code or numerical groups are also given, the additives
employed must naturally be rather small numbers. it would be extremely

178

