 

1n

REF ID:A56932

_ is no necessity for. recalling "old editions” and substituting

“new editions,” as is the case with code books. Therefore, the
labor costs incident to the necessity for repeated preparation,
printing, and distribution of code books, together with the labor
costs incident to the necessity for repeated accounting opera-
tions, correspondence exchanges relative to issue, receipt, etc.,
in the end overbalance the higher initial cost of cipher machines.
In this connection it should be stated that merely the cost of
printing an edition of 200 copies of a large Z—part code is well
over $25,000. This does not include the cost of the labor in—
volved in the compilation of the code, nor of that involved in
preparing, printing, .and binding cipher tables for superen—
cipherment, etc.

(4) The security of a cryptographic system involving the use of a

properly designed cipher device or cipher machine is not wholly
dissipated by the capture or compromise of the machine or
device itself, as is the case with a code book.

(5) On the other hand, it must be admitted that, as a general rule,

the solution of a very few cryptograms by long and laborious
cryptanalysis makes it possible, in the case of a cipher machine,
to decryptograph more or less readily many or all other crypto-
grams enciphered by the same machine with the same (or in
certain cases) different “settings,” keys, or elements; whereas
in the case of a large 2-part code the solution of a few code
messages can hardly be accomplished at all, and practical
analysis of the code must await the accumulation of a large
amount of trafﬁc. Even should the plain text of one or two
code messages be obtained by theft or capture, this would not
permit the prompt decoding of subsequent messages in the same
code; whereas this may be possible in the case of cipher
messages.

(6) Again, cipher machines are, as a rule, complicated and delicate

mechanisms. They require considerable technical skill for their
proper operation by cryptographic clerks, skill which may not
always be possessed by such personnel. What is perhaps more
important, complicated cipher machines require the skill and
services of special personnel for their proper maintenance and
repair. They usually require electric current for operation,
which may not always be available.

(7) If the cipher machine employed is at all complicated to set up

for enciphering and deciphering, errors are easy .to make and
sometimes call for costly or laborious exchanges of service
messages relative to their correction. However, this may be a
doubtful point because complex superenciphered code is just
as subject to errors as is a complex cipher machine.

