REF ID:A56932

c. In the example of cryptographing given in paragraph 95b, the
D—1 and D—Z rectangles are identical in dimensions, and identical
numerical keys are applied to effect the T—l and T—2 transpositions.
It is obvious, however, that it is not necessary to maintain these identi—
ties; D—1 and D—2 rectangles of different dimensions may readily be
employed, and even if it is agreed to have the dimensions identical, the
numerical keys for the two transpositions may be different. Furthermore,
it is possible to add other variable elements. (1) The direction or manner
of inscribing the letters in the D—1 rectangle may be varied; (2) the
direction of reading off or taking the letters out of the D—1 rectangle
in effecting the T—l transposition, that is, in transferring them into the
D—2 rectangle, may be varied; (3) the direction of inscribing these
letters in the D—2 rectangle may be varied; ( 4) the direction of reading
off or taking the letters out of the D—2 rectangle in effecting the T—Z
transposition may be varied.

d. The solution of cryptograms enciphered upon the double transposi-
tion principle is often made possible by the presence of certain plain—text
combinations, such as QU and CH (in German). For this reason, care-
ful cryptographers substitute a single letter for such combinations, as
decided upon by preagreement. For example, in one case the letter Q
was invariably .used as a substitute for the compound CH, with good
effect.

Section IV. GRILLES AND OTHER TYPES 'OF MATRICES

97. Type of Cryptographic Grilles

Broadly speaking, cryptographic grilles2 are sheets of paper, card-
board, or thin metal in which perforations have been made for the
uncovering of spaces in which letters (or groups of letters, syllables,
entire words) may be written on another sheet of paper upon which the
grille is superimposed. This latter sheet, usually made also of cross-
section paper, will hereafter be designated for purposes of brevity in
reference as the grille grid, or grid. Its external dimensions are the
same as those of the grille. Grilles are of several types depending upon
their construction and manner of employment. They will be treated here
under the titles of (1) simple grilles, (2) revolving grilles, (3) non-
perforated grilles, and (4) “post card” grilles.

98. Simple Grilles

a. These consist usually of a square in which holes or apertures have
been cut in prearranged positions. When the grille is superimposed upon
3Also often called “stencils." The general term matrix (plural, matrices) is very useful in

referring to a geometric ﬁgure or diagram used for transposition purposes. Other terms in
common use are cage, frame, bar, etc.

106

