REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER' 10
REPETITIVE AND COMBINED SYSTEMS

 

Section I. REPETITIVE SYSTEMS

128. Superencipherment

a. When, for purposes of augmenting the degree of cryptographic

security, the plain text of a message undergoes a ﬁrst or primary
encipherment and the resulting cipher text then undergoes a second
or secondary encipherment, the system as a whole is often referred to
as one involving superencipherment. If the two or more processes are
well selected, the objective is actually reached, and the resulting crypto—
grams present a relatively great degree of cryptographic security; but
sometimes this is not accomplished and the augmented security is of a
purely illusory character. The ﬁnal cryptographic security may, in fact,
be no greater in degree than if a single encipherment had been effected,
and in unusual cases it may even be less than before.
, b. It is impossible to describe all the combinations that might be
employed; only a very few typical cases can here be treated, and these
will be selected with a View to illustrating general principles. It is
possible to pass a message through 2, 3, . . . successive processes of
substitution; or through 2, 3, . . . successive processes of transposition;
or substitution may be followed by transposition or vice versa. An
example of each type will be given.

c. It will be convenient to adopt the symbol C to represent the
cipher text produced by any unspeciﬁed process of encipherment. The
symbols C1, C2, C3, . . . , will then represent the successive texts pro—
duced by successive processes in superencipherment. The subscript letter
.r or t may be preﬁxed to the C to indicate that a given process is one
of substitution or of transposition. Thus, the steps in a system where
a ﬁrst substitution is followed by a sec0nd substitution can be repre-
sented symbolically by sCl-—>sC2. In a similar manner, tC1—->tC2 repre-
sents double transposition. The symbol sC1—>tC2 means that the text
from a ﬁrst process of substitution undergoes transposition as a second
process.

129. Repetitive Transposition Systems

These have been dealt with in Chapter 8, Sections II and III, and
need no further discussion at this point. It was there shown that properly

151

