REF ID : M5932
121. Continuous or Nonrepeaﬁng-Key'Systems I

a. One of the simplest methods of avoiding periodicity occasioned by
the employment of more than one substitution alphabet is to use as the
key for the encipherment of one or more messages a series of letters
or characters that does not repeat itself. The running text of a book,
identical copies of which are in possession of the correspondents, may
serve as the key for this purpose. It is only necessary for the corres-
pondents to agree as to the starting point of the key, or to arrange a
system of indicating this starting point in the text of the cryptogram.
Such a system is called a continuous—key system. Other names applied
to it are nonrepeating, running, or indeﬁnite-key systems. Telephone
directories, the Bible, standard reference works, etc., are often used as
source books for such keys.

b. Various types of cipher alphabets may be employed in this system,
direct or reversed standard alphabets, mixed alphabets drawn up at
random, or secondary mixed alphabets resulting from the interaction of
two primary sliding mixed components.

6. As an example of the method of cryptographing, suppose the
following message is to be enciphered on the continuous key principle,
using as the key the text of this subparagraph, beginning AS AN
EXAMPLE . . . , and reversed standard alphabets:

HEAVY INTERDIC’I‘ION FIRE FALLING AT . . . .

Key text: ASANE XAMPL EOFTH EMETH ODOFC RYPTO . . .
Plain text: HEAVY INTER DICTI ONFIR EFALL INGAT . . .
Cryptogram: TOASG PNTLU BGDAZ QZZLQ KYOUR JLJTV . . .

122. Auto-Key Systems

a. The cipher letters of a cryptogram may serve as keyletters, thus
automatically furnishing a key. Suppose, for example, that two corres-
pondents agree to use the word TRUE as an initial key, and suppose the
message to be enciphered (with the obsolete U. S. Army cipher disk) is
as follows:

HEAVY lNTERDlCTION FIRE FALLING AT . . . .

The ﬁrst four letters are enciphered as shown:

Key text: TRUE

Plain text: HEAVY INTER DICTI ONFIR EFALL INGAT . . .
Cryptogram: MNUJ

The cipher letters MNUJ now form the keyletters for enciphering the
next four plain—text letters, YINT, yielding OFHQ. The latter then
form the keyletters for enciphering the next four letters, and so on,
yielding the following:

144

 

