REF ID:A56932

(14) Filing messages. Never tile cryptographic messages and their
equivalent plain text together. Work sheets must be destroyed
by burning.

(15) Check for accuracy. Cryptographed messages should be
checked for accuracy by decryptographing the message before
transmission. Whenever practicable, this should be done by a
cryptographer other than the one who originally cryptographed
the message.

(16) Safeguarding material. Observe all rules of physical security
established to safeguard the cryptographic material and message
translations. Utmost care should be taken to prevent the loss
or unauthorized sight of the codes or lists of cipher keys in
use. It is possible to photograph an entire code in two or three
hours. Mere continued possession of the cryptographic material
is, therefore, no absolute guaranty that it has not been compro-
mised by photography or some other method of reproduction.
The only absolute assurance of its not having been compro-
mised is that it has never left the possession of the person into
whose care it has been entrusted or the safe in which it is kept
when not in use. Even if knowledge that a code or cipher has
been compromised follows immediately after such compromise,
the amount of time and the diﬂiculties involved in notifying all
concerned and distributing new cryptographic material are so
great that serious damage is caused by the delay and interrup-
tion in communication, not to speak of the danger resulting
from the enemy’s reading the most recent messages in the com-
promised system.

(17) Reporting compromise. Finally, it must be realized that the
compromise or capture of cryptographic material is a most
serious matter. If there is any reason to suspect that such
material or related documents have been compromised, higher
authority should be notiﬁed by the fastest means possible. Not
only is such material available to the enemy for reading current
and old messages, but also the cryptanalytic data afforded
thereby become most useful in working on similar systems to
replace the compromised one. The failure to notify higher
authority promptly, if compromise is suspected, may jeopardize
the lives of thousands of soldiers and is therefore more serious
than permitting compromise to take place, if it could have been
avoided. Regulations for reporting compromise should be care-
fully observed at all times.

