plain-text characters set up on the keyboard at the sending station but
interception Of the signals passing over the line or by radio would yield
only cipher text.

c. It is difﬁcult to foresee the speciﬁc cryptographic methods which
might some day be useful in connection with developments of the fore-
going nature. Progress in the electrical and electronic ﬁelds exercises an
important effect upon developments in the cryptographic ﬁeld. Methods
which today appear to yield a high degree of cryptographic security but
which are impractical for hand operation a few years from now, may be
readily mechanized and become highly practical. On the other hand,
methods which today do provide a high degree of security may, a few
years from now, become obsolete because high-speed electrical analytical
machines have been devised for their rapid solution. Consequently, if
among the many and more or less complex methods set forth herein
certain ones appear to fall outside the realm of what is today considered
practicable, it should be remembered that the purpose in describing them
is to present various basic cryptographic principles, and not to set forth
methods that may with a high degree of probability be encountered in
military cryptography in the immediate future.

Section II. TERMINOLOGY

3. Basic Deﬁnitions

In a study of military cryptography as employed in the U. S. Army,
the following deﬁnitions will be useful:

a. SIGNAL COMMUNICATIONS. Any means of transmitting messages
in plain or encrypted text other than by direct conversation or mail. A
commander uses signal communications to receive reports of hostile
dispositions and activities, to receive reports of the progress and needs
of subordinate and neighboring friendly units, to send orders to subordi-
nate units, to receive orders from superior units, and to send to higher
and adjacent units information necessary for the coordinated action of
the whole command.

b. AGENCY 0F SIGNAL COMMUNICATION. The organization, teams, and
personnel necessary to perform operational duties pertaining to signal
communications.

6. MESSAGE. Used in its broadest sense in Department of the Army
and other Ofﬁcial publications, the term “message” includes all instruc-
tions, reports, orders, documents, photographs, maps, or other informa-
tion, transmitted by means of signal communication. In this manual,
however, the term “message” implies instructions, reports, orders, and
similar communications usually transmitted by electrical means.

d. MEANS OF SIGNAL COMMUNICATION. A medium (including equip-
ment) used by an agency for transmitting messages. There are two
