 

 

REF 1D:A56932

important factor in front line communications where speed is essential
and sometimes outweighs security considerations.

c. In military cryptography, the greatest degree of condensation is
aﬁ'orded by “prearranged—message codes,” “brevity codes," and the like.
A prearranged-message code is a tactical code adapted to the use of units
requiring special or technical vocabularies; it is composed almost exclu-
sively of groups representing complete or nearly complete messages
and is intended for shortening messages and concealing their content.
A brevity code has for its sole purpose the shortening of messages. A
ﬁeld code is primarily a small tactical code which contains a large number
of code groups representing words and a few common short phrases,
from which sentences can be composed; a syllabary, which is a list of
code groups representing individual letters, combinations of letters, or
syllables, is usually provided for spelling out words or proper names, not
present in the vocabulary; numerical tables, or lists of code groups repre-
senting numbers, dates, and amounts, are also included. A jargon code
is another name for a simple, very short code in which bona ﬁde diction-
ary words, baptismal names of persons, the names of rivers, lakes, etc.,
are used as code groups. A voice code is used for transmission by the
small radio-telephone sets used in combat areas and may be a prear-
ranged-message code, a brevity code, or a jargon code. Other names used
to designate such codes are combat code, and operations code.

71. Operation of Encoding and Decoding

These two terms apply to the cryptographing and decryptographing
respectively, of messages by means of a code. In encoding a message, a
code clerk merely replaces the various words, phrases, sentences, and
numbers of plain text by their code equivalents. The code text is built
up from code units each representing the longest possible plain-text unit
the code book affords. For example, if the sentence ENEMY FORCE
ESTIMATED AT ONE BATTALION EN COUNTERED ONE
MILE SOUTH-EAST OF ROCK CREEK CHURCH is to be
encoded, and the code book lists the phrase ENEMY FORCE ESTI—
MATED AT, the code group representing this phrase would be used
rather than separate code groups representing the individual words
ENEMY, FORCE, ESTIMATED, and AT, all of which might also
be present in the code. The process of decoding is the reverse of that
of encoding. Each code group is looked up in the code book, its meaning
found and written down. Where the errors in transmission are few, the
process is rapid; but even a small number of errors in a message may
obscure the meaning or render a message unintelligible.

65

 

