 

REF ID:A56932

it is 42, and since a completely ﬁlled rectangle of seven columns has been
agreed upon, a design consisting of seven columns and six rows is out-
lined on cross-section paper. The cipher text is then inscribed according
to route (E) (6) of ﬁgure 1, and after this has been completed the plain-
text letters are read according to route (F) (3), ﬁgure 1. It is apparent
that it is necessary to remember a relatively long series of rules, and even
when the cryptographing has been accomplished correctly the degree of
security is very low. Note how obviously the whole word UNTIL mani—
fests itself in the cipher text. Parts of other words can also be seen.
The degree of security remains very low despite the variability afforded
by the dimensions of the rectangle, the method of inscription and tran-
scription and their starting points.

23. Use of 'Nulls in Transposition

a. It will be noted that the two nulls selected as ﬁllers to complete the
rectangle in the preceding example were the letters L and T. These were
chosen rather than such letters as J, K, Q, X, or Z, for a reason which
is important to note. Since transposition ciphers of this type involve
merely a rearrangement of the letters, without any change whatever in
their identities, it follows that the natural or normal frequencies of letters
of plain text remain unchanged. Now, the letters of every alphabetic
language have characteristic frequencies, as a result of which certain clues
are afforded in cryptanalysis. The presence, in transposition ciphers, of
letters of very low frequency (in English), such as J, K, Q, X, or Z, is
very unusual and therefore if these are employed merely as ﬁllers they
may aﬁ'ord clues as to the real number of letters in the plain text, the
starting or ﬁnishing points of the real text, etc. For this reason it is best
to insert as ﬁllers in transposition ciphers letters of medium or high fre—
quency, such as E, T, R, I, N, O, A, S, D, L, or C, for thesct' will not
afford any clues to solution. Nulls, when employed for the purpose of
making cryptanalysis more difﬁcult, may also be inserted in speciﬁc posi-
tions as prearranged, or they may be inserted at random if the system
permits. This is true of other cryptographic systems, but as a general
rule the use of nulls, especially in cipher systems, is to be discouraged.
Very often they add little if any security, and thus merely increase the
length of the cryptographic text without any compensating advantages.

b. Whenever it is necessary to add nulls in order to complete a trans-
position message in any respect, or for any reason whatsoever, they must
be added before the transposition process is applied and not afterward;
otherwise it will be difﬁcult or even impossible for the decryptographing
clerk to read the message. This is especially true when the service regula-
tions require that the ﬁnal group in a cryptogram be a complete group,
containing exactly as many letters as all other groups in the message.

22

 

