 

REF ID:A56932

to correct most errors made in transmission or writing, such tables are
usually included in the code book and are called mutilation tables, garble
tables, error-detector charts, etc. Before the invention of permutation
tables, code as a system of communication was not wholly reliable. Scien-
tiﬁcally constructed tables, however, include a feature (see b below)
which has remedied this fault to a great extent.

I). To make an error in a group of ﬁve letters is not unusual on the
part of the average telegraph or radio operator. If a difference of only
one letter distinguishes one code group from another in the same code,
as ABABA and ABABE, then serious errors may be introduced in the
meaning of a message, or the message may be made unintelligible by only
a few transmission errors. If, however, every code group in the code
book is distinguished from all other code groups in the same code by a
difference of at least two letters, then there would have to be two errors
in a single group and these two errors would have to produce a code
group actually present in the code before a wrong meaning would be
conveyed. This principle of making code groups within the same code
differ from each other by a minimum of two letters is called the two—
letter diﬁ‘erential. It is most easily incorporated in code groups by con—
structing the permutation table to this end. The differential may be the
absolute difference in the identities of two letters or the relative positions
occupied by them. For example, BACOF, and BACUG differ from each
other in the identities of the ﬁnal pair of letters; considered as a combina-
tion of letters, the two groups present a two—letter difference. The two
groups BACOF and BOCAF, however, differ in the relative positions
occupied by two of their letters, but considered as a permutation of
letters, these two groups as well as the two groups BACOF and BACUG,
present a two—letter difference. In short, when at least two correspond-
ing letters in a pair of code groups differ in their identities, the two code
groups are said to present a 2—letter difference. Errors arising from the
exchange of position of two letters, without a change in their identities,
are referred to as errors of transposition. They are not unusual but
fortunately, as a rule, they involve only letters which are either adjacent
or alternate. For example, in the pair of groups BACOF and BOCAF
there is a transposition of the alternate—letter type. In recent codes,
attempts have been made to devise permutation tables which will eliminate
one of the two members of every pair of groups which differ from each
other by the mere transposition of two adjacent or alternate letters. Codes
using groups based upon a permutation table will show the table and
exPlain how to use it in correcting the usual mutilations of groups.

c. The use of the two-letter differential reduces the possibilities for
constructing letter-code groups from 265 (11,881,376) to 26‘ (456,976),
Elm Considering thiaadvantages, the sacriﬁce is worthwhile.

. 11: Permutation tables for the construction of ﬁgure-code groups are
similar in nature and purpose to tables for the construction of letter—code

68

