 

REF 1D:A56932

b. It is possible to incorporate modiﬁcations of the basic idea of the
Jeffersonian principle in using strip systems. For instance, there may
be a daily .selection of strips from a set consisting of a much larger
number; or there may be different sets of strips for messages in'the
various security classiﬁcations; or different sets of strips may be issued
to different groups of holders, etc.

Section II. CIPHER MACHINES

146. Importance of Cipher Machines in Modern Cryptographic
Communication

The remarks made in paragraph 2 regarding the present trends in the
art, are believed to be sufﬁcient to give a clear idea of the importance of
a knowledge of the uses and limitations of cipher machines as adjuncts
to modern cryptographic communications. However, in this text only
observations of a general character can be made, leaving for a future text
an exposition of detailed principles involved in the construction and
operation of a few typical cipher machines. More and more attention is
today being devoted to this phase of cryptography and to a large extent
cipher machines have replaced code systems even in lower headquarters,
except for small, special-purpose codes.

147. Transposition-Cipher Machines

These are rarely encountered; the ﬁles of United States patents' dis—
close but two examples and so’ far as is known no actual machines have
been constructed conforming to the speciﬁcations covered therein. It may
be said that substitution methods lend themselves so much more readily
to automatic encipherment than do transposition methods that the pos-
sibilities for the construction of cipher machines for effecting transposi—
tions are almost completely overlooked. Basically it would seem that a
machine for effecting transposition would have to include some means for
“storing up” the letters until all the plain text has been “fed into the
machine,” whereupon the transposing process is begun and the letters
are ﬁnally brought out in what externally appears to be a randomized
order. It is conceivable that a machine might be devised in which the dis—
arrangement of the letters is a function merely of the number of letters
comprising the message; daily changes in the randomizing machinery
could be provided for by resetting the elements controlling the. process.

148. Substitution-Cipher Machines

(1. The substitution principle lends itself very readily to the construction
of cipher machines for effecting it. The cipher devices described in the

168

 

