REF ID:A56932

d. It is clear also that in order to write a polysyllabic language with
facility it is necessary to establish and to maintain by common agreement
or convention, equivalency between two sets of elements, ﬁrst, a set of
elementary sounds and, second, a set of elementary symbols to repre—
sent the sounds. When this is done the result is what is called an alphabet,
a word derived from the names of the ﬁrst two letters of the Greek
alphabet, “alpha” and “beta.”

e. Theoretically, in an ideal alphabet each symbol or letter would
denote only one elementary sound, and each elementary sound would
invariably be represented by the same symbol. But such an alphabet
would be far too difficult for the average person to use. It has been
conservatively estimated that a minimum of 100 characters would be
necessary for English alone. Attempts toward producing and introducing
into usage a practical, scientiﬁc alphabet have been made, one being that
of the Simpliﬁed Spelling Board in 1928, which advocated a revised
alphabet of 42 characters. Were such an alphabet adopted into current
usage, in books, letters, telegrams, etc., the ﬂexibility of cryptographic
systems would be inﬁnitely extended and the difﬁculties set in the path
of the enemy cryptanalysts vastly increased. The chances for its adoption
in the near future are, h0wever, quite small. Because of the continually
changing nature of every living language, it is doubtful whether an
original perfect alphabet could, over any long period of time, remain
so and serve to indicate with great precision the exact sounds which it
was originally designed to represent.

37. Normal Alphabets and Cipher Alphabets

a. In the study of cryptography the dual nature of the alphabet be—
comes apparent. It consists of two parts or components, (1) an arbi-
trarily arranged sequence of symbols.

b. The normal alphabet for any language is one in which these two
components are the ordinary sequences that have been deﬁnitely ﬁxed by
long usage or convention. The dual nature of our normal or everyday
alphabet is often lost sight of. When we write A, B, C, . . . we really
mean:

Sequence of sounds: “Ay” “Bee” “See”
Sequence of symbols: A B C

Normal alphabets of different languages vary considerably in the number
of characters composing them and the arrangement or sequence of the
characters. The English, Dutch, and German alphabets each have 26,
the French 25, the Italian 21, Spanish 27 (including the digraphs ch and
ll), Russian 31. The Japanese language has a syllabary consisting of
72 syllabic sounds, to express which 48 characters are employed.

0. A cipher alphabet or a substitution alphabet, as it is sometimes
called, is one in which the elementary speech-sounds are represented by

35

