 

 

REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER 12
CODE SYSTEMS

 

Section I. GENERAL
153. General

a. Chapter 4 was devoted to a general consideration of code systems
and enciphercd code. It was there indicated that code systems are systems
of substitution where the elements of the substitutive process, comprising
letters, syllables, words, phrases, and sentences, are so numerous that it
is impossible to memorize them or to reconstruct them at will when
neCessary, so that printed books containing these elements and their code
equivalents must be at hand in order to cryptograph or decryptograph
messages. The various types of code groups were indicated, together with
methods for their construction by means of permutation tables. One-part
and two—part codes were brieﬂy discussed. Finally, a few words were
added for the purpose of indicating various types of enciphering code
for greater cryptographic security.

b. Practical cryptography must take cognizance of the fact that the
texts of governmental as well as commercial and social telegrams must
conform to certain standard forms and practices. A subsequent text will
go into these matters but at this moment it is only necessary to indicate
that international telegraph regulations in the past have exercised an
important inﬂuence upon the structure of code groups and upon the
selection of cryptographic systems for their encipherment.

c. In the subsequent paragraphs, when reference is made to numerical
code groups, or number-code groups, or ﬁgure-code groups, it will be
understood that the code groups are composed of digits; when reference
is made to alphabetical code groups, or letter—code groups, or letter
groups, it will be understood that the code groups are composed of letters
of the alphabet; and when reference is made to mixed code groups, or

mixed groups, it will be understood that the code groups are composed
of intermixtures of letters and digits.

154. Intermixtures of Code-Text and Other Kinds of Text

(1. Only in commercial code messages is the practice of mixing plain
text and code text common in modern communications. In governmental
code messages, military, naval, or diplmnatic, such intermixtures are
today so rare that their presence in telegrams indicates abysmal ignorance

174

 

