REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER 7

FUNDAMENTAL RULES FOR SAFEGUARDING
CRYPTOGRAMS

 

83. General

The rules given in this chapter are to be considered as a general guide
only. Under actual operating conditions much is dependent upon special
situations, and the speciﬁc cryptographic systems employed. Therefore,
the particular rules and regulations currently in effect always will take
precedence over those stated herein.

84. Fundamental Rules of Cryptographic Security

a. Failure to observe the fundamental rules of cryptographic security
often makes possible the solution of cryptographic systems by enemy
cryptanalysts. These rules apply to the originators of messages to be
cryptographed as well as to cryptographic personnel. Detailed instruc-
tions for the writers of such messages are outside the scope of this
manual. It is, however, desirable to indicate the following points:

(1) Stereotypic phraseology must be avoided, especially at the
beginning and ending of a message. The known or suspected
presence of stereotypic phraseology constitutes the basis of
many methods employed in cryptanalysis; in some cases, indeed,
the only possible method of solution makes use of the presence
of stereotypic phraseologies, or, as they are often called, cribs.
Operating instructions for currently authorized cryptosystems
prescribe the application of measures which effectively reduce
the dangers of stereotypic phraseology to the security of those
systems; however, as an added precaution, routine reports of
all kinds should be sent by agencies of signal communication
not susceptible to interception.

(2) Special care must be taken to see that the messages are clear and
concise. If a message is ambiguous or incomplete, unnecessary
confusion results and the accuracy of the cryptographic opera-
tion is brought into question.

(3) Messages should be shortened by the deletion of unnecessary
words. Conjunctions, prepositions, repetitions of words, and,
especially, punctuation should be reduced to a minimum. When
punctuation is necessary, it should be spelled out, either in full
or in abbreviated form. Numbers should also be spelled out.

83

 

