 

REF ID:A56932

48. Decimaﬁon Method of Forming Mixed Alphabets

Another simple method of forming a mixed alphabet is the decimation
method. In this method, letters in the normal alphabet, or in a key—word
mixed alphabet, are “counted off” according to a selected odd interval.
As each letter is decimated—that is, eliminated from the basic alphabet
by counting off—it is entered in a separate list to form the sequence of
the mixed alphabet. For example, to form a mixed alphabet by this
method from an alphabet based on the key phrase SING A SONG OF
SIX PENCE with 7 the interval selected, proceed as follows:

a. Key-word (or basic) alphabet:

SIN GAOFXPECBDHJ KLMQRTUVWYZ

b. When the letters are counted off by 7’s frOm left to right, F will
be the ﬁrst letter arrived at, H the second, T the third:

Ami PEG BnﬂJKLuqnfuvwrz
6712545671234561
Fig. B

These letters are entered in a separate list (F ﬁrst, H second, T third,
etc.) and eliminated from the key—word alphabet.

c. When the end of the key-word alphabet is reached, return to the
beginning, skipping the letters already eliminated:

s/N xzfxrﬂcnnﬂanﬂqnfu

YZ
617 71 2 3 4 5 67 45
Fig. C
d. Mixed alphabet.

FHT IEMZPQNDW CVBSLXA GOKYJ RU

49. Random-Mixed Alphabets

Practical considerations, of course, set a limit to the complexities that
may be introduced in constructing systematically mixed alphabets.
Beyond a certain point there is no object in further mixing. The greatest
amount of mixing by systematic processes will give no more security
than that resulting from mixing the alphabet by random selection, such
as by putting the 26 letters in a box, thoroughly shaking them up, and
then drawing the letters out one at a time. Whenever the laws of chance
operate in the construction of a mixed alphabet, a thorough disarrange—
ment is bound to be produced. Random-mixed alphabets give more
Cryptographic security than do the less complicated systematically mixed
alphabets because they afford no clues to positions of letters, given the

42

