 

..._-—.- t-.- -

REF ID:A56932

variation, with or without key words, with one or more alphabets dis-
tributed within the square or rectangle, with alphabets extended to in-
clude ﬁgures, punctuation signs, common syllables and words, etc. Some
times pseudo-code is encountered when the groups of a numerical cipher
system (or a ﬁgure-code system) are converted into letters, in order to
make the cryptographic text conform to certain telegraph regulations
and thus have the message accorded a more favorable rate of charge (sec.
II, ch. 4). Thus, a group such as 0125784256 might be converted into the
group BAFOSULAFE. If the conversion table "is irregular in its con-
struction and is kept secret, this adds an encipherment step to the system.

55. Disadvantages of Monoalphabotic Substitution with Variants

The obvious disadvantage of all such methods discussed in the preced—
ing paragraph is that the cryptographic text is exactly twice as long as
the original plain text. Furthermore, there is no compensating advantage
from the standpoint of cryptographic security. When methods are such
that the cipher equivalents are passed through another process which re—
turns the cipher text to a length identical with that of the equivalent plain
text, they are usually too complicated, too slow, and too subject to error
to be practical. They are often the result of combining substitution and
transposition processes in one system. Methods which substitute three
or more characters for one letter of the original text are not at all prac—

tical for military cryptography.

Section V. POLYALPHABETIC SUBSTITUTION
SYSTEMS

56. Monoalphabetic and Polyalphabetic Substitution

a. In the substitution methods thus far discussed it has been noted that
only one cipher alphabet is used in the encipherment of a message, and
that as a class they constitute the type of system designated as mono-
alphabetic substitution. It is true that in certain of the systems mono—
alphabetic substitution with variant equivalents takes place, there are two
or more complete alphabets involved and that these systems may, there-
fore, with apparently good reason be designated as polyalphabetie substi-
tution. This designation, however, will be seen to be somewhat inac-
curate when cases of true polyalphabetie substitution come to be studied.
The real or essential difference between the two systems may best be
made clear by setting forth the primary object in each case.

b. In monoalphabetic substitution with variant values, the object of
having diﬂ-‘erent sets of equivalents is to suppress so far as possible by
simple methods the characteristic frequencies of letters. One such method
consists in merely providing one or more different values as cipher

48

 

 

