 

 

REF ID:A56932

likely to confuse two entirely different groups of letters; in the second
source, if two errors are made in the transmission or reception, and if
these errors involve two letters producing a group which actually has a
meaning in the code, this meaning is so unlikely to ﬁt in correctly with
the context that its probability of occurrence may be negligible. Thus, if
this sort of error does happen, the meaning of the group fails to ﬁt in
with the context and at once indicates an error. Knowledge of such an
error, even if it is impossible to correct it, is more preferable than
ignorance of its existence, with a possible action based upon incorrect
decodement.

Section IV. ENCIPHERED CODE

77. Purposes of Enciphered Code

0. Sometimes the code groups of a code message undergo a further
process of encipherment. The resulting cryptogram constitutes an
enciphered code message.

I). It is desirable to use enciphered code in two instances:

(1) When the basic code has had wide distribution and the message
might fall into unauthorized hands. Commercial codes sold in
bookstores, and even special codes distributed widely throughout
governmental ofﬁces, illustrate the type of code to which this
added safety factor should be applied.

(2) When increased security is necessary for highly classiﬁed
communications. Although the basic code book may already be
secret, further encipherment would greatly delay the solution of
the code if it fell into the hands of enemy cryptanalysts.

c. It has already been stated that code messages may be solved by
cryptanalytic principles without possession of the code. The length of
time required for the process varies widely, and is dependent upon the
conditions under which the work is done (see ch. 1). To increase the
length of time required for solution, as in secret codes, the code text of
the messages resulting from the use of the code is passed through a
cipher process so that the messages will be in different keys, thus delaying
the assembling and study of data, which is necessary to the solution.

78. Types of Encipherment

0. Both of the two general classes of cipher methods, transposition
and substitution, may be used in enciphering code. The increased degree
of secrecy because of encipherment depends entirely upon the nature of
the system applied.

b. Transposition systems involving a rearrangement of complete
groups may be employed where the degree of increased security does act

72

