REF ID:A56932

within the small combat units. If properly used, it yields crypto-
grams of considerable security. It is a complicated device; it
has no keyboard, and is slow in operation. Despite its reduced
size and weight, this device is not convenient for use in front-
line areas, nor is it suitable for use in voice communication by
small radio—telephone equipments such as the “walky—talky” or
"handy-talky” sets.

(2) Manual or hand-operated cipher systems are also unsuitable for
such purposes. The processes of enciphering and deciphering by
means of such systems require very close mental attention to
avoid errors; the more secure methods are hopelessly slow and
the faster ones are not secure, in comparison with the security
that a small, frequently-changed two-part code yields.

(3) Practical experience indicates that in messages of very small
tactical units, in certain types of air-to-air or air-to—ground
communications, and in certain forms of messages where the
subject matter is highly stereotypic, as in weather reports and
ﬁre-control observations, code is often preferred over cipher.
In all these cases, speed must give way to security; size and
weight of equipment are important factors; simplicity of
operation undcr battle conditions is vital, which eliminates
methods requiring much training and concentrated attention.
Also, if code is properly prepared, one or two code groups may
express a command or a report that would require many groups
of cipher text. Small codes meet the requirements in all these
respects, and for this reason, code is still used to some extent
in the U. S. Army, especially in the forward areas.

80. Fundamental Assumption of Military Cryptography

It has been seen that every good cryptographic system combines two
more or less separate .and distinct elements: a basic or unchangeable
method or process, which is termed the general system; and a speciﬁc or
variable factor which controls the steps under the general system and is
termed the speciﬁc key. The secrecy of any military cryptographic system
must be entirely dependent upon the speciﬁc key because it must be
assumed that the enemy is in full possession of all the details concerning
the general system. This assumption is warranted by the whole history
of military cryptography and is based upon the two following considera-
tions which all experienced cryptanalysts regard as valid. In the ﬁrst
place, in military cryptography there are more proliﬁc sources from which
to obtain information concerning cryptographic methods than there are
in the isolated methods used by private individuals. In fact, by one
means or another, the enemy can sooner or later come into possession of
full information regarding the general cryptographic system. In the

77

