REF ID:A56932

cnciphered with the grille shown in a of ﬁgure 48, the capacity of which
is sixteen letters. The number of letters of the message being greater than
three times sixteen, the composite grid must be composed of four small
grids containing a total of sixty-four cells. Therefore, twelve of these
cells must be eliminated. These are shown in b of ﬁgure 48, together with
the number indicating the positions occupied by the letters of the text.

103. Construction of Revolving Grilles

(I. There are several ways of preparing revolving grilles, of which the
one described below is the most simple. All methods make use of cross-
section paper.

b. Suppose a revolving grille with a capacity of 100 letters is to be
constructed. The cells of a sheet of cross-section paper 10 by 10 are
numbered consecutively in bands from the outside to the center, in the
manner shown in a of ﬁgure 49. It will be noted that in each band, if n
is the number of cells forming one side of the band, the highest number
assigned to the cells in each band is n —— 1.

c. It will be noted that in each band there is a quadruplication of
each digit; the ﬁgure 1 appears four times, the ﬁgure 2 appears four
times, and so on. From each receding band there is to be cut out
(n—l) cells: from the outermost band, therefore, nine cells are to be
cut out; from the next band, seven; from the next, ﬁve; from the next,
three; and from the last, one cell. In determining speciﬁcally what cells
are to be cut out in each band, the only rules to be observed are these:
(1) One and only one cell bearing the ﬁgure 1 is to be cut out, one
and only one cell bearing the ﬁgure 2 is to be cut out, and so on; (2) as
random a selection as possible is to be made among the cells available
for selection for perforation. In b of ﬁgure 49 is shown a sample grille
prepared in this way.

(1. If the side of the grille is composed of an odd number of cells, the
innermost band will consist of but one cell. In such case this central cell
must not be perforated.

e. It is obvious that millions of differently perforated grilles may be
constructed. Grilles of ﬁxed external dimensions may be designated by
indicators, as was done by the German Army in 1915 when this system
was employed. For example, the FRITZ grille might indicate a 10 by 10
grille, serving to cncipher messages of about 100 letters; the ALBERT
grille might indicate a 12 by 12 grille, serving to encipher messages of
about 144 letters, and so on. Thus, with a set of grilles of various dimen-
sions, all constructed by a central headquarters and distributed to lower
units, systematic use of grilles for messages of varying lengths can be
afforded.

f. A system for designating the positions of the perforated cells of a
grille may be established between correspondents, so that the necessity

114

