 

 

REF 1D:A56932

29. Modiﬁcation of Columnar Method

A variation of the columnar procedure, but one that produces exactly
the same results, may be found useful. First, write the message in groups
corresponding to the length of the key. Thus, using the same key and
message as in paragraph 28, the following is obtained:
4-5-3-2-7-1-6 4-5-5-2-7-1-6 4-5-3—2-7-1-6 4-5-
REQUEST IMMEDIA TEREENF 0R
4-5
T S
The letters are then taken from the groups and are transcribed in groups
of ﬁve, all letters marked 1 being taken ﬁrst, then all those marked 2, and
so on. Thus, the ﬁrst two cipher text groups are SINEU EEEQM,
and the complete text is identical with that produced in ﬁgure 7.

30. ‘Addition of Nulls to Complete a Final Group

The example given in the preceding case happened to contain 30 letters,
a number that is an exact multiple of ﬁve. Thus, the ﬁnal group in the
cryptogram automatically became a complete group. For accuracy, the
ﬁnal group of every message should be complete; therefore, if the num-
ber of letters in the text of a message is not a multiple of ﬁve, it should
be made so by the addition of nulls, before the transposition process
is applied (see par. 2317).

Section III. MISCELLANEOUS TRANSPOSITIOlN METHODS
31. Transposition Systems Employing Special Designs

a. Triangles, trapezoids, and other polygons are among the many
designs used to produce transposition ciphers. Most of them, however,
are impractical for wide military use but are used occasionally by secret
agents.

17. A grille is a common transposition device of some practical impor-
tance. There are several types and one of the most common is that known
as the rotating grille. It is usually made of a square sheet of cross—
section paper from which cells have been cut in deﬁnite but apparently
irregular positions. The grille is superimposed on another sheet of cross-
section paper of the same dimensions and the letters of the message are
written in the cells exposed by the perforations. Usually the grille is
then given a 90° turn clockwise or counterclockwise, as agreed, and the
fresh cells exposed by the perforations are ﬁlled with the next few letters
of the text. If the grille has been prepared properly it is possible to give it
four turns of 90° each, at the end of which all the cells on the under
sheet of cross-section paper are occupied by letters. The grille is then
removed and the letters of the sheet underneath it are transcribed in
accordance with some prearranged route to form the cipher text. Natur-

30

