REF ID : A5 6 93 2
158. Substitution Methods

a. GENERAL. All of the methods of substitution applicable in the case
of cipher systems are available for use in superenciphering code.

b. MONOALPHABETIC METHODS. It is, of course, easy to draw up one
or more single-mixed alphabets. When the code book is in possession of
the enemy 'cryptanalysts and the original or placode groups are therefore
at hand, this method does not yield any security, for reasons not neces-
sary here to indicate. Even when the actual code book is not known, but
it is known that it is one of a set of commerical codes having groups of
the Z—letter diﬁerence type, the reconstruction of the cipher alphabets is
not difﬁcult.

c. POLYALPHABETIC METHODS.

(1) A very simple polyalphabetic method is to have 5 alphabets
which are used in succession; or there may be a series of sets
of 5 alphabets, the individual set to be used being determined
by indicators inserted in the message itself.

(2) Any sort of polyalphabetic method may be used. For example,
the repeating—key method, the running or continuous—key
method, the interrupted—key method, etc., can be applied.
Digraphic methods may also be used; also, combinations of
digraphic and monographic methods are frequent.

(3)i Tables of various sorts are often employed. For example, using
a table applicable to code groups of 5 ﬁgures, a table giving
pronounceable combinations of letters for the combinations of
digits may result in converting a group such as 75152 into the
letter group KOBAL. Tables for substituting combinations of
letters into other combinations of letters are, of course, equally
feasible. The substitution may be strictly digraphic, combining
two S—lettcr or 5-ﬁgure groups into a series of 10 digraphs; or
it may be a combination of trigraphic and digraphic substitu-
tion, each 5-character group being split up into a 3—character
and a 2-character combination. Other combinations are, of
course, also possible.

(4) In all the foregoing methods the chief objection is that the
advantage of the 2—letter differential feature is more or less
dissipated by the encipherment, but this is true of every sub-
stitutive method that is superimposed on code.

(5) The disadvantage referred to in the preceding subparagraph is
absent in those cases in which the encipherment operates merely
to substitute other code groups of the same book for the mes-
sage code groups. The most common methods of this type
make use of the ﬁgure-code groups, the latter being manipulated
in various ways to change them and the resulting groups then

177

