 

 

use...»

REF ID:A56932

k. Neither table III nor table IV presents the possibilities such tables
might afford for digraphic substitution. They may, however, be
rearranged so as to give results that will approach more closely to the
desired ideal as to nonrelationship between cipher equivalents of plain—
text pairs having an identical letter in common. Note that in table V,
which is based upon the same primary alphabets as table III and table IV,
the cipher equivalents are the same as in the latter tables, but they have
been so distributed as to eliminate the undesirable and externally obvious
relationship referred to. (In any table of this nature there can be only
676 different pairs of equivalents, since the table presents merely the
permutations of the 26 letters taken two at a time. It is the distribution of
the pairs which is important.)

I. Table V still shows symmetry in its construction, and a suspicion
of its existence formed during the preliminary stages of cryptanalysis
would aid materially in hastening ﬁnal solution.

m. The foregoing tables have all been digraphic in nature, but a
kind of false trigraphic substitution may also be accomplished by-means
of such tables, as illustrated in the accompanying table VI, which is the
same as table V with the addition of one more alphabet at the top of
the table.

11. In using this table, 01,, is located in alphabet I, and its equivalent,
0“,, taken from alphabet II; 02,, is located in alphabet III, and its equiv-
alent, 0%, taken from alphabet IV; 0% is the letter lying at the intersec-
tion of the row indicated by 93,, in alphabet I and the column determined
by 02,. Thus, FIRE LINES would be enciphered NNZ IEQ KOV. It is
obvious, however, that only the encipherment of 93, is polyalphabetic in
character; 01,, and 92,, are enciphered purely monoalphabetically. Various
other agreements may be made with respect to the alphabets in which

the plain—text letter will be sought in such a table, but the basic crypto-
graphic principles are the same as in the case described.

_0. Digraphic tables employing numerical equivalents instead of letter
equivalents are, of course, possible but in this case the number of equiv—
alents required, 676, means that combinations of three ﬁgures must be

used.

131

