REF ID:A56932

forming the cipher text of the transcription process. The ﬁrst method
will be described in c below; the second in e below.

c. Taking the simplest manner of inscribing the letters, that is, from
left to right and from the top downwards, the letters of the ﬁrst section
of the text are inscribed in the cells disclosed by the apertures, the grille
being in the ﬁrst position. This is shown in b of ﬁgure 47. The grille is
then given % turn clockwise, bringing ﬁgure 2 to the top left. If the
grille has been correctly prepared, none of the cells disclosed in the
second grille position on the grid will be occupied by a letter. The letters
of the second section are then inscribed, this being shown in c of ﬁgure
47. In d and e of ﬁgure 47, the results of inscribing the third and fourth
sections, respectively, are shown. The letters of the cryptogram are
then taken out of the completed grid by following any prearranged route
of transcription. The cryptogram below has been transcribed by follow-
ing down the columns in succession from left to right.

d. To decryptograph such a message, the cipher letters are inscribed
columnwise in a grid 10 by 10 (that is, one composed of 100 cells, 10 per
side) and then the grille applied to the square in four consecutive posi-
tions corresponding to those used in cryptographing. The letters dis-
closed by each placement of the grille are written down as they appear,
section after section.

e. The second manner of employing a revolving grille is merely the
reciprocal of the ﬁrst. The procedure followed in the ﬁrst method to
decryptograph a message is followed in the second method to crypto—
graph a message; and the procedure followed in the ﬁrst method to
cryptograph is followed in the second method to decryptograph.

100. Grilles of Other Geometric Forms

Grilles are not limited to square—shaped ﬁgures. They may be equi—
lateral triangles, pentagons, hexagons, and so on. Any ﬁgure which can
be pivoted upon a central point and which when revolved upon this
pivot can be placed in a succession of homologous positions over a grid
corresponding to the grille will serve equally well. A triangle affords
three grille positions, a pentagon, ﬁve, and so on.

101. Polyphase Transposition by Grilles

One grille may be employed to inscribe the letters of the message on
the grid, and a second, and different, grille employed to transcribe them
from the grid to form the ﬁnal text of the cryptogram. This would con-
stitute a real double transposition method of great complexity. Polyphase
transposition by a series of grilles is of course possible.

112

