 

 

REF ID:A56932

b. In the foregoing case the eneipherment takes place only by trans—
position within rows, but it is possible to complicate the method by
transposing, in addition, the rows as a whole, employing the same key
or only a portion of it, as much as is required. Thus, if the message
contained 18 rows of 18 letters each, then the transposition of rows
could be effected according to key—number order, the last row being
taken ﬁrst (since the number 1 of the numerical key happens in this
case to be at the end of the numerical key), the 14th row being taken
second (since the number 2 of the numerical key is the 14th number),
and so on. Where the message does not contain as many complete rows
as there are numbers in the key, the transposition takes place in key-
number order nevertheless, the rows being taken in the numerical order
of the numbers present. Using the same key and message as in the
foregoing case, the encipherment would be as shown in ﬁgure 31.

Eneiphering diagram:
l7-10-6-3-11-14-8-7-15-18-12-4-9-2-16-5-13-1

 

l7: ADMINISTRATIVE OR DE
10: RSMUSTBECOMPLE TE DA
6: NDREADYTOACCOM PA NY
3: FIELDORDERSNOT LA TE
11: RTHANFIVEPMTHI SD AT
14: E

Cryptogram:

ETLNA EDROI DSTOE LFRYM ECART YODAC
NDOPN AAEUP EMEBL SSMDT CTROT IATDH
VIHTN MAFES RPEEE IIRMT SVDN'I' DIROA
A

Figure 31

c. From the preceding method it is but a step to the method of
interrupted key transposition now to be described. Instead of writing
the text in regular-length groups corresponding to the length of the
key, it is written out in irregular groups the lengths of which vary
according to some prearranged plan. For example, note the basis of
the variable grouping in ﬁgure 32, which uses the same message and
key as in a above.

(1. This method may be combined with that shown in b above, thus
further complicating the system. In decryptographing such a message it
is best to use cross—section paper, block out the cells to be occupied by
letters in the deciphering diagram, and indicate the key numbers appli-
cable to each line. This will facilitate the process materially and help
eliminate errors.

93

' :nliﬁﬂuli I||

 

