REF ID:A56932

important of the three, for if the keying sequence or parts of it are used
but once or a very limited number of times, say 2 or 3, its recovery by
eryptanalytic processes is difﬁcult or impossible and therefore even if the
sequence' is systematic in its construction this fact might not become
known. However, as a rule the additives or subtractors are merely digits
selected by a purely random means, such as drawing them out of a box,
or equivalent means. The length of the sequence is guided only by the
amount of trafﬁc to be superenciphered; for a voluminous trafﬁc, key—
books containing thousands of 'groups are necessary, even with a good
indicator system, and even then the books must be changed at frequent
intervals.

6. Arithmetical methods are favored above most other methods of
superencipherment because of their simplicity and relatively better speed
of operation than in the case of alphabetical methods. The speed factor
is, of course, attributable to the fact thatpractically everybody can add
(or subtract) rapidly and accurately when single digits are involved, and
although very similar processes could'be applied in cryptographic proc-
esses involving letters of. the alphabet, the operations of addition or
subtraction would proceed very much more slowly because early training
does not devote any time to arithmetical processes involving letters. For
example, every child learns that “8 plus 5 equals 13” but none learns that
“H plus E equals M.”

(1. However, these arithmetical methods have two serious disad—
vantages. First, there is the disadvantage that the ﬁnal encieode text is
composed of numbers. The latter are not only more subject to errors in
telegraphic handling than are letters, but also it is more difﬁcult to correct
garbled groups when ﬁgures are involved than when letters are involved.
These disadvantages are, it must be admitted, more serious in American
practice, whenemphasis in training is laid upon the telegraphic trans-
mission of letters and not ﬁgures, than they are in other practices; they
may not hold in regard to countries where the emphasis in training is in
the other direction, ﬁgures being preferred to letters. Second, the physical
procedures involved in the preparation, reproduction, distribution, and
accounting of the necessary keybooks of adders or subtractors are tedious,
costly, and time consuming. Where provision must be made for
voluminous intercommunication among many units and for relatively long
periods of time, these matters constitute a difﬁcult if not impossible
problem for the compiling agency. "

* U. 5. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1950-874180

—|l-E-H-R-l-B-l-E-B-
186

 

