 

REF 1D:A56932

Encipherment :

4-5—3-2—7—1-6 4-5—5-2-7-1-6 4—5-3—2—7-1-6
TextzREQUESTIMMEDIATEREENF"
T—l:SINEUEEEQMRCRITOTEMER
T—2:EREEEREFNMTASETSEIQOT

4—5-3-2—7-1—6 4—5

0 R C E M E N T S

S 1' A F N E D E M

M E I R D U C M N
Cryptogram:

EREEE REFNM TASET SEIQO TMEIR

DUCMN

d. In some respects this modiﬁed method is simpler for the novice-to
perform correctly than is that employing rectangles. Experience has
shown that many inexpert cryptographic clerks fail to perform the two
transpositions correctly when D—1 and D—2 rectangles are employed
in the work.

96. General Remarks on True Polyphase Transposition

a. The cryptographic security of the true double transposition method
deserves-discussion. Careful study of a .cryptogram': enciphered by; the
double transposition method set forth in paragraph 95 b and c will
indicate that an extremely thorough scrambling of the letters is. indeed
brought about by the method. Basically, its principle is the splitting up
of the adjacent or successive letters constituting the plain text by two
sets of‘ cuts” , the second of which IS in a direction that 15 perpendicular
to the ﬁrst, with the individual “cuts” of both sets arranged in a
variable and irregular order. It is well adapted for a regular and
voluminous exchange of cryptograms between correspondents, because
even if many messages in the same key are intercepted, so" long .asllno
two messages are identical in length, they can only be cryptanalyzed
after considerable effort.

b. Triple and quadruple transpositions of the same nature are possible
but not practical for serious usage. Theoretically, a continuation or
repetition of the tranposition process will ultimately bring about a condi-
tion'iivherein the D-n rectangle is identical with the D'~1. rectangle: in
other words, after a certain number of transpositions the rectangle pro—
duced by a repetition of the cryptographing process results ﬁnally in
decryptographing the message. Exactly how many repetitive transposi-
tions intervene in such cases is extremely variable and depends upon
factors lying outside the scope of this text, I I

1:195

