 

REF ID:A56932

CHAPTER 9
SUBSTITUTION SYSTEMS

 

Section I. POLYGRAPHI‘C SYSTEMS

l l 1. General

a. It will be recalled that chapter 3 dealt with the various types of
cipher alphabets, simple monoalphabetic substitution, monoalphabetic
substitution with variants, the more simple varieties of polyalphabetic
substitution, cipher disks, and cipher tables. The following material on
substitution is a continuation of the former, a thorough understanding
of which is a requisite to the examination of the more complex types of
substitution now to be set forth.

b. First it will be advisable to explain several terms which will be
used. Substitution methods in general may be described as being mono-
literal or polyliteral in character. In the former there is. a strict letter—
for-letter replacement, or, to include numerical and symbol methods,
there is a “one—to-one” correspondence between the length of the units
of the plain text and those of the cipher text, no matter whether the
substitution is monoalphabetic or polyalphabetic in character. In poly-
literal methods, however, this “one-to—one” correspondence no longer
holds. A combination of two letters, or of two ﬁgures, or of a letter and
a ﬁgure, may represent a single letter of the plain text; there} is here a
“two-to-one” correspondence, two characters of the cipher text repre-
senting one of the plain text. The methods described in chapter 3, fall
under the latter designation; the cipher equivalents there shown are,
properly speaking, bipartite in character. Tripartite cipher equivalents
are also encountered, Polyliteral methods, therefore, are said to employ
polypartite alphabets, of which the bipartite type is by far the most
common. Further on in this text, polyliteral methods of greater com—
plexity than those illustrated in chapter 3 will be discussed. Attention
now will be directed more particularly to a different type of substitution
designated as monographic and ﬁalygraphic substitution.

112. Monographic and Polygraphic Substitution

a. All the methods of substitution heretofore described are mono-
graphing in nature, that is, in the enciphering process the individual units
subjected to treatment are single letters; there is a letter—for-letter sub-
stitution, or, to include numerical and symbol methods, there is, as in the

124

