regulations. Maximum security at all times should be the goal, but in
messages exchanged among the higher headquarters some speed may be
sacriﬁced to meet greater security requirements, while in messages ex-
changed among the lower headquarters security must often- give .way'to
greater speed requirements. For this reason various cryptographic sys-
tems must be available to meet varying types of situations. As to ﬂexi-
bility,'a cryptographic system speciﬁcally adapted for a particular usage
cannot serve as an all-purpose system. A codebook designed for front-
line use can hardly serve the needs of a high headquarters! in the rear;
nor can a cryptographic system designed for use by a high headquarters
serve the needs of a small combat unit. As to economy, the simpler-‘th‘e
operations involved, the shorter will be the texts produced, the amount
of time required to produce the cryptographic material, use it, and trans-
mit the messages; and the greater will be the economy.

(1. Speciﬁc requirements which should be met by a cryptographic sys-
tem for general military use are set forth below.

(1) Cryptograms must be in a form suitable for transmission by
standard telegraphic equipment and methods. This requirement
generally eliminates all systems except those which produce
cryptograms composed of characters readily transmitted by a
telegraphic system employing either the Morse or the'itele—
printer alphabet. Cryptographic systems using Arabic numerals
are not so desirable as those using letters because-the-Mofse
signals for numbers are longer, except when,_"cut”-numbers
are used, and are more difﬁcult for the average American tele-
graph or radio operator to handle. Systems which produce
cryptograms composed of mixtures of letters and ﬁgures, or
of letters, ﬁgures, and punctuation signs, and which must be
transmitted by' Morse telegraphy are unsuited for practical
usage. However, where Such intermixtures are produced auto-
matically by the cryptographic mechanism and. are transmitted,
received, and deciphered automatically, as certain teleprinter
enciphering systems, their use is permissible. In order to be
Suitable for economical Morse telegraphic transmission, the
cryptographic text must be capable of being arranged in regular
sets of characters for these reasons: ﬁrst, it promotes accuracy
in telegraphic transmission (since an operator knows he must
receive a definite number of characters in each group, no more
and no less) ;' and secondly, cryptanalysis is usually made more
difﬁcult when the length of the words,.phrases, and sentences
of the plain text is not apparent. The usual grouping is in sets
of ﬁve characters, although occasionally other groupings may
be made in special circumstances. Such grouping is not necessary
in teleprinter encipherment systems.
