REF ID:A56932

regarded as wholly impracticable.I Colonel Hitt in his Manual for the
Solution of Military Ciphers, published in 1916, stated:

The necessity for exact expression of ideas practically excludes the use of cod.
for military work, although it is possible that a special tactical code might be
useful for preparation of tactical orders.

Also, in an ofﬁcial British Army Manual of Cryptography prepared in
1914 is found the following statement:

Codes will ﬁrst be considered, but as they do not fulﬁll the conditions required

of a means of secret communication in the ﬁeld, they need not be dealt with here
at length.

In the 1935 edition of this text the foregoing quotations were immedi-
ately succeeded by the following comment:

It need only he pointed out in this connection that today rode methods pre—
dominate in the secret communication systems of the military, naval, and diplomatic
services of practically all the large nations cf the world. Nevertheless, it is likely
that within the next decade or two the pendulum may once more swing over to the
other position and cipher methods may again come to the fore, especially if
mechanical and electrical cipher machines are perfected so that their operation
becomes practicable for general use. It is for this reason, if for no other, that the
cryptographer who desires to keep abreast of progress must devote considerable
attention to the more complicated cipher methods of the past and present time,
for with the introduction of mechanical and electrical devices the complexities and
difﬁculties of these hand—operated methods may be eliminated.

In preparing the revision of this text in 1943, the author found it neces—
sary to say that the forecast he made in 1935 in regard to the rebirth of
cipher methods had been fully justiﬁed by the present trend, which is in
a direction away from code and toward cipher methods, because of
important advances made in the ﬁeld of mechanical and electrical cryp-
tographic mechanisms.

b. Modern electrical communication methods and instrumentalities are
ﬁnding an increasing need for applications of cryptographic theory and
practice to their efﬁcient operation. For example, in very recent years
there has developed a distinct need for secure methods and means for
distorting voice communications by telephone or radiophone, and
for distorting facsimile transmissions by wire or radiotelegraphy. Tele-
printer services permitting direct cryptographic intercommunication by
machines operated from a typewriter keyboard make it desirable to have
means whereby, although the keyboard is operated to correspond to plain—
text characters, the latter are instantaneously and automatically
enciphered in transmission and the received signals are instantaneously
and automatically deciphered upon reception at the receiving end. Thus
the printing mechanism at the receiving station records the original

1 See, in this connection, Friedman, William F., American Army Field Cadm- i_n the American
Etpeditianary Force: During the First War/d War, Signal Security Service Publication, OCSigO,
War Department, Washington, 1942.

