REF ID:A56932

can turn out 10 to 15 times as much work as one operating a
code system; furthermore, codes must be prepared, printed,
and distributed. These steps take much time and labor and are
often performed under considerable difﬁculty. A continuously
operative code compilation section must be maintained to replace
codes as fast as they become compromised by continued use, or
by capture. The handling of the manuscript and proofs in print-
ing entails the necessity of ever watchful secrecy; and ﬁnally,
the prompt and thorough distribution of codes to all who must
use them is sometimes very difﬁcult, especially where the dis—
tribution must be made over an extensive territory. Therefore,
for high—echelon cryptographing communications, ciphers are
more economical than codes, but the economy factor is least
important.

c. It is clear that high-grade systems should include all or as many as
possible of the ﬁve factors listed in b above; moreover, the advantages
afforded by good cipher machines make cipher systems more desirable
than code systems for the high-grade cryptographic systems required by
high-echelon cryptographic intercommunication. In addition, secondary
or “back—up" systems must be provided so that in case of machine or
power failure, there will be available some means for cryptographic com-
munication. Finally, emergency systems must be provided for crypto—
graphic communication when neither apparatus nor codebooks can be
employed.

(1. Medium-grade cryptographic systems for intercommunication
among intermediate echelon commands must meet almost the same severe
requirements as systems for intercommunication among high—echelon
commands. Here again, cipher machines are preferable to code. The
machines may not be so large or complex, but if the same basic crypto—
graphic system is employed by both the high—grade and the medium—grade
machine, many advantages are noted. The problems of manufacture,
maintenance, instruction of personnel in the operation of the system,
distribution of keying data, etc., are simpler if they are basically the
same for both types of machines. Moreover, it is possible for a message
from an intermediate command to be deciphered by a high—echelon com-
mand, and vice versa, without using a second cryptographic system. For
these reasons, cipher machines are widely used in the U. S. Army for
medium-grade cryptographic communication and, in addition, certain
manual systems requiring simple types of apparatus are also used. These
may serve also as the secondary or “back—up” systems required for the
high-echelon cryptographic communications.

e. (1) Even in the so—called “low-grade” systems, cipher machines are
serving the purposes for which ﬁeld codes were formerly sup—
plied. Converter M—209—( ) is a small, mechanical cipher
machine widely used in the U. S. Army for communications

76

