REF ID:A56932

no more difﬁcult to encipher a message by this systematized procedure
than by the longer and slower method of writing the text out in long
lines and repeating the key over and over again. What is more important
is that the shortened procedure promotes accuracy in enc1pl'1erment. A
few seconds careful checking of the relative positions in which the two

alphabet strips are set is all that is required but this checking is very'

necessary, for if that is wrong all the cipher letters in that column to
which this setting applies will be in error.

59. Using Key Words to Indicate Number. Identity, and
Sequence of Cipher Alphabets Employed

a. If reference is made to the two settings of alphabet strips in para-
graph 58, it will be noted that in the ﬁrst setting A" = He, in the second
A, = :9. If the eight settings of. the strips are studied it will be found
that the letters which A, represents successively are H, E, A, D, A, C,
H, and E, giving the word HEADACHE. These settings, when ﬁrst
presented in the foregoing description, correspond merely to the numeri-
cal key 74030274, but this numerical key is also expressible in terms of
letters, which when put together properly spell a word. This is only
another way of showing that key words may be employed in this type of
substitution as in those previously described. Key words of various
lengths and composition may be used, consisting of single words, long
phrases, or sentences. In general, the longer the key the greater is the
degree of cryptographic security. The method as a whole is often
referred to as the repeating lacy method.

I). The number of elements in the key—that is, the number of letters
or ﬁgures composing it——determines the number of alphabets to be em-
ployed. The identity of each element of the key, the speciﬁc letter- or
ﬁgure it happens to be, determines speciﬁcally which of a set of cipher
alphabets pertaining to the whole system will be used. And the speciﬁc
sequence or relative order of the elements of the key determines spe-
ciﬁcally the sequence with which the cipher alphabets are employed with-
in the encipherment. The total number of cipher alphabets pertaining to
or composing the system may be limited or unlimited. When they are
produced as a result of the sliding of two basic or primary alphabets
against each other, the number is limited to 26 in the English alphabet.

c. A brief notation for indicating or designating a speciﬁc key letter
is to sufﬁx the subscript “k” to it, just as the subscripts “p” and “c”
are sufﬁxed to letters to indicate letters of the plain text or cipher text,
respectively. When the key letter occurs in an equation, it can be en-
closed within parentheses to avoid ambiguity. Thus, 13,. (Dk) = Ea
means that plain-textiletter B when enciphered by key letter D (in a
certain alphabet system) yields the cipher letter E.

52

..-.... 1 -. “.....«veeeie

