 

REF ID:A56932

d. The degree of cryptographic security is, without doubt, increased
by such a method. If the key lengths are properly selected, that is,
if they present no common multiple less than their product, the method
may give cryptograms of great security. For example, two keys that
are 17 and 16 characters in length would give a cryptogram that is
equivalent in period to that of a cryptogram enciphered once by a key
1.7 X 16, or 272 elements in length. The fundamental principle of an
excellent, though complicated, printing telegraph cipher system is this
very principle.

Section II. COMBINED SYSTEMS

132. Combined Monoalphabetic and Polyalpha-betic Substitution
Systems

a. If a message undergoes a primary encipherment by the repeating-
key method, using standard alphabets, and the primary cipher text then
undergoes a secondary encipherment by means of a single-mixed alpha—
bet, the degree of cryptographic security is increased to the same extent
that it would be if the original message had undergone the same primary
encipherment with secondary alphabets resulting from the sliding of.
a mixed primary sequence against the normal sequence. This increase
in security is not very great.

6. The same is true if the primary encipherment is monoalphabetic
and the secondary encipherment is polyalphabetic by the method
described.

1:. In general, this also applies to other types of polyalphabetic and
monoalphabetic combinations. The increase in security is not very
great, and is, indeed, much less than the uninitiated suspect.

133. Combined Substitution-Tmnsposition in General

Combinations of substitution and transposition methods can take many
(liﬁerent forms, and only a few examples can be illustrated herein. It
is possible of course, to apply substitution ﬁrst, then transposition, or
transposition ﬁrst, then substitution. The most commonly encountered
systems, however, are of the former type, that is sCl—éth. Further—
'more, it can be stated that as a rule practicable systems in which both
processes are combined use methods that are relatively simple in them-
selves, but are so selected as to produce cryptograms of great security
as a result of the combination. To give a very rough analogy, in
certain combinations the effect is much more than equivalent to the
simple addition of complexities of the order X and Y, giving X+Y;
it is more of the order X Y, or even X’Y”.

153

 

