REF ID:A56932

c. The terms superenciphered code, superencipherment, or (British)
reciphered code and recipherment all apply to code text which undergoes
a subsequent process of encipherment.

d. The terms indicator system and indicator are very important in con-
nection with all cryptographic procedures but especially so in connection
with eneiphering systems as applied to code. The indicator gives informa—
tion relative to the proper tables to use, or the proper point to begin in
such tables, etc. Further information in this regard will be given in sub—
sequent paragraphs.

156. General Types of Methods of Superencipherment

Both transposition and substitution methods may be applied to super—
encipher code. There are arithmetical methods which at ﬁrst glance
appear to constitute a third category of superencipherment methods since
they involve mathematical processes apparently resembling neither trans.-
position nor substitution. However, deeper study will lead to the conclu-
sion that these arithmetical methods are substitutive in character.

157. Transposition Methods

0. Transposition methods wherein whole code groups or series of
them are shifted about according to some key are not frequently en-
countered. Transposition methods applied strictly within the code groups,
by rearrainging or shifting about the letters or ﬁgures composing them,
have been used to a limited extent for a number of years. Prior to Janu-
ary 1, 1934, transposition processes for producing encicode messages,
that is, for superenciphering code, were practically never employed in
commercial or governmental practice because they destroyed the regular
vowel-consonant structure of code groups so that they no longer con-
formed to the requirements of the international telegraph regulations
referred to in paragraph 153b. However, the restrictions in this respect
were lifted on the date indicated and it may be expected that transposi-
tion processes for superenciphering code will be encountered much more
frequently than in the past.

b. One of the most commonly used transposition methods for this
purpose is simple keyed-columnar transposition, either with special
matrices, designs, or forms having nulls and blanks, or without these
features. The system as a whole, however, is very subject to error and
requires high-grade personnel for its practical operation. It is, of course,
wholly unsuited for practical military usage, though it can be employed
for other purposes. SolutiOn of such a system it well constructed is a.
very difﬁcult matter, especially if the basic code book is not known,

176

