REF ID:A56932

, . -...- -. --.;:: '33:”. lg gull!
: IE: 2.»: =5: ml 3 h: maxim: Ill

ally, the correspondents must have identical grilles and every. step must
be deﬁnitely prearranged. Although it is possible to construct grilles with
many different arrangements of perforations, the necessity for carrying
the device on the person, and the many agreements and understandings
necessary for its successful operation make the method hardly suitable
for ﬁeld military use. Furthermore, practical difﬁculties connected with
the preparation and distribution of many grilles would make it almost
inevitable that several messages would be enciphered by the same grille.
The degree of cryptographic security aﬂorded by them is not so great as
may be suspected; sometimes single messages of fair length may
be solved.

32. Polyliteral and Word Transposition

a. Thus far only individual letters, as units for the transposition
process have been discussed. It is possible to use pairs of letters, sets of
three or more letters, or entire words as units; procedures are the same
in monoliteral and polyliteral transpositions. Sometimes more complicated
routes may be followed in transposition; for example, a route may be a
prearranged succession of moves made by a knight in chess. It is usually
necessary to have at hand a printed form showing the complete route,
and this makes these methods impractical for ﬁeld use. They may, how-
ever, be used in special cases.

b. The cipher system used by the Federal Army in the Civil War
represents a good example of word transposition. In the earliest form
in which this cipher was used by the Federals only one route was used,
which consisted in writing the text in six columns, going up the sixth,
down the ﬁrst, up the ﬁfth, down the second, up the fourth, and down
the third. Arbitrary words were substituted for proper names, nulls were
introduced at regular positions, and words even often misspelled for
further obscurity. For example, the word “operation” was often spelled
as two words: “opera,” and “shun.” Later, many additional routes were
provided, relatively long lists of arbitrary equivalents for names, num-
bers, dates, common military terms, etc., were added, and the whole
system was made considerably more complicated. While the security
afforded by this system was probably ample for those days, it would
hardly be sufﬁcient today to permit its use even in cases where a delay
of only a few hours is required. Furthermore, if long lists of arbitrary
equivalents must be handled, the system presents all the disadvantages of
a poor cipher system with but few of the advantages offered by a good
code system.

33. Single and Double Transposition Methods

In single transposition methods the letters go through only one trans-
position from plain text to cipher text. It is possible to take the letters

31

 

 

