 

REF ID:A56932

i. One serious objection to such autokey systems is that the results
of errors are cumulative; one error aﬁects all the succeeding letters, and
if several errors are made, the messages are difﬁcult to decryptograph. It
is possible that this disadvantage can be minimized by the use of auto-
matic cipher devices suitably constructed to accomplish the encipherment
with speed and accuracy.

123. Progressive-Alphabet Systems

a. The special characteristic of these systems is that the members of
a whole set of cipher alphabets are employed one after the other in
progression and in a deﬁnite sequence. These systems are periodic in
nature and the length of the period is usually equal to the total number
of different cipher alphabets employed in the system. The sequence in
which the various cipher alphabets are used may or may not change with
each message; if it does, this constitutes an additional element of secrecy.

b. To illustrate what is meant by a progressive system a simple
example will be given, employing the obsolete U. S. Army Cipher Disk.
Starting with the disk so that A“, = A0 (or with any other prearranged
initial setting), the ﬁrst letter of the message is enciphered; the revolving
alphabet is then moved one step clockwise (or counter-clockwise) and the
second letter is enciphcred, and so on. After 26 letters have been
enciphered, the disk has returned to its initial starting point and a second
cycle begins (if the message is longer than 26 letters). Thus, the period
in this case is 26 letters. It is obvious that the displacement of the revolv-
ing disk may occur after every 2, 3, 4 . . . . letters, as prearranged, in
which case the period increases correspondingly in length. The displace-
ment may, however, be more complicated than this, and may occur after
a constantly varying number of letters has been enciphered, whereupon
periodicity is suppressed.

c. Two sliding mixed components may be employed, producing a set
of 26 secondary mixed alphabets.

d. Another variation is more complicated. Suppose the correspondents
draw up a set of 100 random-mixed cipher alphabets, each accompanied
by a designating number from 00 to 99, and a set of numerical keys
composed of randomized sequences of numbers from 00 to 99. Each such
numerical key is designated by an indicator of some sort. To encipher
a message, a key sequence is selected and the cryptogram is prepared by
means of the sequence of alphabets indicated by the key sequence. If the
message is 100 or less letters in length, the alphabets do not repeat; if it
is more than 100 letters long, either the sequence of alphabets may repeat
or else a new sequence is selected, as prearranged. It is possible to oper-
ate the system by means of indicators inserted in the text of the
cryptogram.

147

