REF ID:A56932

although it was independently invented many years later (1891) by a
French cryptographer, Commandant Bazeries, and still later (1914)
by Captain Parker Hitt, U. S. Army (now Colonel, U. S. Army, Ret..).
Because it was ﬁrst described in print (1901) by Bazeries, the principle
upon which the cipher system is based is usually referred to in the
literature as the Bazeries principle; for the sake of historical accuracy,
however, it is herein called the Jeffersonian principle.

b. The basis of this principle is the use of a set of 20 (or more, if
desired) mixed alphabets arranged in a sequence that can readily be
changed; these can be used in the encipherment of a whole set of 20
letters with one and the same displacement of the alphabets. Suc-.
cessive encipherments are accomplished with different displacements
of the alphabets.

6. Whereas Jefferson contemplated a device using a total of 36 dif-
ferent alphabets mounted on revolvable disks, the one Bazeries described
used only 20 alphabets mounted in the same manner.

144. The Obsolete U. 5. Army Cipher Device. Type M—94

a. This cipher device is based upon the Jeﬁersonian principle, using
25 mixed alphabets on small aluminum disks. It was widely employed
in the U. S. military service and to a more limited extent in other
U. S. services until 1942, when it was superseded by better devices.

b. In using the device, the 25 disks were ﬁrst arranged according to
the key for the day (the disks bearing the identifying numbers 1—25,
and also the letters B—Z), and then the ﬁrst twenty-ﬁve letters of the
plain text were set up along a guide rule. The cipher text consisted
of any one of the other rows, which would be' taken off in ﬁve groups
of ﬁve letters each. This process continued until the entire message was
enciphered. To decryptograph, it was merely necessary for the deci-
phering clerk to set up along the guide rule of the device (properly
arranged according to the daily key) the ﬁrst twenty-ﬁve letters of
the cipher text, and then by inspection ﬁnd the one and only .one
row of letters that constituted plain text, which process would be
repeated until the entire message was deciphered.

145. Strip Cipher Systems

a. A modiﬁcation of the Jeffersonian principle which has found merit
in practical cryptography is the strip cipher system. This is nothing
more than a series of printed, random-alphabet strips to take the place
of the disks of the cylindrical devices. These strips, bearing identifying
numbers, slide freely in a strip board which may be made of metal,
wood, or plastic. The strips are simpler to produce and more economical
to replace than metal disks.

167

