 

 

 

 

 

 

 

REF ID:A56932

76. Purposes of Two-Pari- Type of Code

a. The two-part code is a comparatively recent development in code
systems. Its purposes are greater secrecy, and greater accuracy.

I). In a one-part code the plain-text groups progress from A to Z in a
regular alphabetical sequence, accompanied by their code groups, also in
a regular alphabetical or numerical sequence. If the word ABAFT is
represented by a code group whose initial letter is A, or whose initial
number is 1, then the word ABANDON will be represented by a group
whose initial letter is also A, or whose initial number is also 1. In other
words, the enemy cryptanalysts have deﬁnite clues to follow in breaking
down the code because of the parallelism of the two sequences; the
determination of the value of one code group affords deﬁnite clues to the
value of many other code groups. In a two—part code, however, the word
ABAFT might be represented by a group whose initial letter is T, or
whose initial number is 8, and the word ABANDON might be repre-
sented by a code group whose initial letter is F, or whose initial number
is 3. In other words, the two sequences are not alike in progression;
hence the determination of the value of one code group will give no clues
to the value of any other group.

c. In considering the greater accuracy of. a two-part code over a one-
part code, the following pair of phrases (in a hypothetical one-part code)
are given as an example:

WOVAM Will be ready to attack
WOVEN Will not be ready to attack

Such an arrangement is subject to two sources of error. A code clerk
working under great difﬁculties, in a hurry, may accidentally write down
WOVAM instead of WOVEN as a result of the contiguity of the two
sets of letters which are similar in appearance and are so close together
on the page that his eye may take the group from the wrong line. Again,
on account of the similarity in sound, his ear may deceive him into
writing WOVEN when he should have written WOVAM. Now the
meaning of the one group is the exact opposite of the meaning of the
other and, since either meaning may ﬁt in correctly with the context of
the message, the error may remain undiscovered for some time, thus
causing serious inconvenience or, in the case of combat, actual loss of life.
Furthermore, although the making of two errors in a single group is
rather unusual in transmission or reception, yet it does happen and, in
such a case as the above, would not be detected. This is especially true
in connection with tabular material such as lists of numbers, dates, and
names, in which the context often fails to yield clues to the correction of
garbles or errors, or to give conclusive evidence of the presence of an
error. But in a two-part code such errors are improbable. In the ﬁrst
source of error mentioned above, the code clerk would be very much less

71

 

El.
9.

 

 

1,} z.;.:+___'_: .

-..-'-L,=.s_- : _

 

- - --=-- W '- -. "'."‘."‘~'
- ’“ 2 hit-4.21:“; lava-xi

 

