REF ID:A56932

have made it.” Checking by actually decryptographing will usually elimi-
nate such errors. At the destination, the ﬁnal copy of a decryptographed
message should invariably be checked against the original work sheets
before being turned over to the addressee, and again preferably, by
another operator. It is easy to omit the word NOT from a decoded
message and to fail to note the omission, if the same operator merely
reads over the decryptographed message. Here, again, psychological
factors are involved, and clerks who are disposed to transpose letters and
words, an unconscious habit of a peculiar psychological origin, must be
especially careful in their work.

17. Carelessness in the writing of system and message indicators, or
failure to insert them in their proper places in the message, will usually
make prompt decryptographing of the received message difﬁcult or
impossible. They should be written with the greatest of care.

c. If an incoming message is partially or wholly unreadable, an attempt
should be made to ﬁnd the error in the faulty message. Often a message
can be decryptographed by a simple expedient such as applying the key
for the day preceding or following and correct date, or applying the daily
key for a classiﬁcation higher or lower and the correct classiﬁcation. If,
however, the garbled text still resists all efforts of correction, a procedure
(service) message should be sent. The length of time one should con-
tinue with the attempt to break the faulty message before sending a
service will depend upon the classiﬁcation and precedence of the message,
transmission problems involved, time required to complete service, etc.

d. The procedure in preparing and handling service messages dealing
with errors in cryptographic messages is quite involved, in order not to
compromise the cryptographic system or give clues as to the contents of
the faulty message. Instructions covering the procedure to be followed
in such Servicing are issued from time to time and should be carefully
followed.

e. The most important precaution to be observed, in order to avoid the
transmission-of messages which cannot be promptly decryptographed at
the receiving end, is the rigid adherence to all instructions set forth in
documents describing the cryptographic operations to be followed. Mis-
understanding or ambiguity is rarely found in properly prepared docu-
ments detailing cryptographic operations, and a careful study and
observance of the instructions will result in the preparation of messages
without fundamental errors.

I f. To be efficient in cryptographic work requires, in addition to the
usual qualities -of carefulness, accuracy, and attention to detail, the
possession of certain psychological characteristics peculiar to the work. If
absent, these characteristics as a rule cannot be developed, but if present
they can be intensiﬁed and made more efﬁcient by constant practice and
experience. It is therefore advisable to select personnel for cryptographic
work as for any other specialized work, to train them carefully, and

80

