 

 

REF ID:A56932

65. Combined Substitution-Transposifion Systems

In paragraph 10b, reference was made to the possibility of combining
within a single system both transposition and substitution methods; that
is, of ﬁrst enciphering by a method of one type and then taking the re-
sulting cipher text and passing it through an encipherment of the other
type. The usual order is ﬁrst to substitute and then to transpose, but
the reverse of this order of procedure is also possible. In some methods,
quite complex, there may be a ﬁrst substitution, then a transposition, and
ﬁnally a substitution again. Despite the fact that three steps are in-
volved, certain of these systems may be practical for military use under
special conditions where speed is not as important as security. These
cannot be described in this manual.

66. Cipher Devices and Cipher Machines

a. Only a little practical experience with any of the methods described
is necessary to convince one that on the whole they are slow, more or less
cumbersome, and subject to errors that often delay or make impossible
the decryptographing of messages. Furthermore, from the point of view
of cryptographic security, when employed in regular voluminous traﬂ'ic
they leave much to be desired. Consequently, cryptographers, both ex-
perienced and inexperienced, have been led to attempt to devise ap-
paratus which will not only facilitate cryptographing and decryptograph-
ing, but will also increase the degree of cryptographic security. Small
instruments constructed for this purpose, operated by hand, are called
cipher devices. Scores of them have been devised, but only a few are
sufﬁciently practicable for ﬁeld use, and still fewer are of such construc—
tion that they produce cryptograms of unusual security. Among the
better examples of such cryptographs is one which was for some years
(1922—42) employed in the U. S. Army under the name of Ciphef
Device, Type M—94. Modern security requirements made such a device
obsolete, however, and it has been replaced by a better one, the Converter
M-209 ( ) (TM 11—380).

b. There are larger cryptographic machines which are much more
nearly automatic in nature and can therefore be operated at a much
greater rate of speed. These are usually equipped with typewriter key-
boards which can be manipulated with considerable speed; the machine
may also print the results of the enciphering or deciphering operations.
Sometimes they are equipped with electrical transmitters and can thus
serve not only to encipher and decipher messages but also to transmit
them automatically. A mechanism of the latter nature is usually in the
form of a modiﬁed printing telegraph machine, or else it consists of an
auxiliary piece of apparatus used in conjunction with the teleprinter.

bl

 

 

 

