 

 

 

 

 

REF ID:A56932

60. Use Of Other Types of Alphabets

a. It has been noted that in the case of monoalphabetic ciphers, alpha—
bets of various types may be employed. This is likewise true of poly-
alphabetic ciphers. Instead of using two alphabet strips bearing the
normal alphabetic sequence to determine the cipher equivalent of a letter
enciphered by a given key number or key letter, one may use a pair of
strips, one of which bears the normal direct, the other the normal reversed
sequence. In the former case one is dealing with direct' standard, in the
latter, with reversed standard alphabets.

b. Polyalphabetic substitution with direct or reversed standard alpha—
bets does not result in nearly so great a degree of cryptographic security
as that resulting from the simple artiﬁce of providing mixed alphabets
for the strips. All sorts of mixed alphabets may be used. One of the
strips may bear the normal direct or reversed sequence; the other a
mixed sequence. Both strips may bear identical mixed sequences proceed-
ing in the same direction, or in opposite directions. Finally, both strips
may bear different mixed sequences.

0. In all cases, except where reciprocal alphabets are produced, it is
essential that the correspondents agree upon the sequence or strip from
which the plain and the cipher letters respectively will be taken, that is,
it is necessary to indicate which sequence constitutes the plain com-
ponent, which the cipher component. If this is not done, two correspond-
ents will have diﬂ‘iculty in deciphering one another’s messages. Also, as
noted above, it is necessary to agree as to which letter the key letter is to
be set against. The usual method is to agree that the initial letter of the
plain component, usually Ap, will be set opposite the key letter, though
other conventions are possible.

11. The sequences on the strips may be permanent or invariable, but
naturally the degree of cryptographic security in this case is considerably
lower than if they can be changed easily at the will of the correspondents
and by prearrangement. It is possible that a secret word may serve as
the basis not only for the key for shifting the strips, but also for the
mixing of the alphabetic sequences. For example, two correspondents
may agree to use the key CENTRAL AMERICA; to use the ﬁrst part
as the basis for constructing the mixed plain component; the second part,
for constructing the cipher component; and to use the whole phrase as
the key for enciphcring the message. All the methods of constructing sys-

tematically mixed alphabets as described in section III of this chapter
are applicable.

53

 

