REF ID:A56932

example was taken consisted of 50 pages each containing 200 groups,
making 10,000 in all. The groups themselves, of course, consist merely
of digits selected at random when the keybook is in preparation.

c. Referring back to the method illustrated in Example B in paragraph
160g (2), in which addition is employed in both encipherment and de-
cipherment, it was noted that in decipherment the complement of the
additive employed in encipherment must be used in order to recover the
placode. This principle serves as the basis for preparing keybooks in
which half the contents are additives, the other half, their complements.
By proper manipulation of indicators it is possible to use any given page
of the arbitrary groups for encipherment, whereupon a speciﬁc page
(containing the complements) must be used for decipherment. This
method obviously requires considerable care in preparing the keybooks,
so as to insure that complementary pages are present and are properly
indicated; it also involves much more care to insure that the groups on
complementary pages are accurate, although there are mechanical
methods of preparing series of complements of this type.

d. If a keybook for an additive or a subtractor system is used once
and only once, security of an absolute order is imparted to the messages
even if the basic code book is known to and possessed by the enemy. It is
not even necessary to use indicators except where a question may arise
as to the serial order of one of two or more messages arriving at about
the same time. In such a case the system is referred to as a one-time
system and the keybook is called a one-time pad because the pages are
usually fastened securely in the form of a tablet or pad and are destroyed
as soon as it is certain that the recipient of a message has properly
deciphered and decoded it. The disadvantages of such a system are two
in number, both very serious. In the ﬁrst place the production and dis—
tribution of the pads present very difﬁcult problems in composition,
printing, assembly of sheets, etc. For voluminous correspondence many
pads are necessary and the mere question of the production, timely dis-
tribution, and proper safekeeping of the pads is a serious one. In the
second place, a system such as this is suitable for only two correspondents
and even in this case there usually must be two pads, one for incoming,
the other for outgoing messages, otherwise it will occasionally or fre-
quently happen that both correspondents will use the same series of
additives or subtractors.

e. The foregoing difﬁculties make it desirable to modify the system
so that while its security may not be absolute it can be employed by a
larger number of correspondents, cutting down on the number of pads
required and permitting of intercommunication among all correspondents.
For such use, indicators are absolutely essential in order .to facilitate
the prompt decipherment of messages received from several different
correspondents.

184

