 

 

REF ID:A56932

then founw the intersection of the row and column thus indicated. For
example, AFp = Y—G'c; W, = A7.” etc.

I). Table I is reciprocal in nature; that is, FTP-Ip- = Y6, and
If—GI, = ﬁe. Thus, a single table serves for enciphering as well as for
deciphering. The word DEFEND would be enciphered as YA NZ CY,
and then grouped in ﬁves: YANZC Y . . . . When a ﬁnal single letter
occurs, a null is added in order to make a pair of letters-capabluémof being
cnciphered by the method. Reciprocity is, however, not an essential factor
and for greater security nonreciprocal tables are more advisable. In such
cases an enciphering table must have its complementary deciphering table.

6. Until the amount of text enciphered by means of such a table
becomes great enough to disclose the cipher equivalents of the most
frequently used digraphs, such as EN, ER, RE, TH, ON, etc., crypto—
grams based upon the table are relatively secure against solution.

(I. A simple method for preventing the establishment of the frequen-
cies characterizing these commonly used digraphs and thus eliminating
the principal basis for their identiﬁcation is given in paragraph 1346.

e. The factor that contributes most to the relatively high degree of
security of the digraphic method described in a and b above is the
absence of symmetry in the table employed; for this table is con-
structed by random assignment of values and shows no symmetry
whatsoever in its arrangement of contents. Hence, even if 01,. in a
ﬁrst case of W” = We is identical with 01,, in a second case, We in
the ﬁrst case is wholly different from We in the second case. For ex—
ample, table I shows that 21E, = XE. and‘m = 17—17:; the cipher
resultants fail to give any hint that the plain—text pairs contain an iden-
tical letter.

f. If, however, the latter is not the case and the table exhibits
symmetry in its arrangement of contents, solution is somewhat facilitated.
Note table II, for example, in which two mixed sequences are employed
to form the cipher equivalents. One mixed sequence is based upon the
keyphrase WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE; the other, upon the
keyphrase GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY. The word FIRE
would be enciphered as KIQA.

g. A cursory examination of table II shows that when 02,, is iden-
tical in two cases then 02., is identical in these cases, so that in reality
the encipherment is by no means truly digraphic in character. Described
in cryptographic terms, the encipherment of 91,, is polyalphabetic in
character whereas that of 02,, is monoalphabetic. A more obvious picture
of this condition is brought out in the rearrangement of table II.

h. By a slight modiﬁcation in arrangement but with no change in
béisic principle, the encipherment can be made monoalphabetic so
far as 01,, is concerned, and polyalphabetic so far as «92,, is concerned.
Note table IV.

127

