 

REF ID:A56932

sage. This is done by altering the positions of sentences in
the message, by altering the positions of subject, predicate,
and modifying phrases or clauses in the sentence, and by
altering as much as possible the diction by the use of syn-
onyms and synonymous expressions. In this'process, deletion
rather than expansion of the wording of the message is
preferable, because if an ordinary message is paraphrased
simply by expanding it along its original lines, an expert can
easily reduce the paraphrased message to its lowest terms, and
the resultant wording will be practically the original message.
It is very important to eliminate repeated words or proper
names, if at all possible, by the use of carefully selected
pronouns; by the use of the words “former,” “latter,” “ﬁrst—
mentioned,” “second—mentioned”; or by other means. After
carefully paraphrasing, the message can be sent in the other
key or code.

([2) Never send the literal plain text or a paraphrased version of
the plain text of a message which has been or will be trans-
mitted in cryptographed form except as speciﬁcally provided
in appropriate regulations.

(4) Keys. Never repeat in a different key or system, without para-
phrasing, a cryptographed message which has once been trans-
mitted, unless speciﬁcally authorized by the appropriate
authority.

(5) New cipher keys. Never transmit a new cipher key by means of
a message cryptographed in an old key.

(6) Addresses or signatures. Never place cryptographed addresses
or signatures at the beginning or end of the cryptographed text.
Bury them in the body of the message.

(7) Identifying information. Include in the address of a crypto-
graphed message only the minimum information necessary for
the message to reach the headquarters for which it is intended.

(8) Replies. Never reply to a cryptographed message in the clear.

(9) Short titles. Never use short titles as system or message indi-
cators in cryptographed messages.

(10) Dummy letters and padding. Never use dummy letters or pad-
ding unless their use is speciﬁcally authorized.

(11) System indicator. Never encipher, encode, or disguise in any
way the system indicator, unless speciﬁcally authorized.

(12) Notations. Never place on the cryptographed copy of a
message any notations about the system or the subject matter
of the message.

(13) Work tables. Never allow unnecessary materials such as
books, documents, or papers to be on the work table during the
process of cryptographing and decryptographing.

 

