(3) Transmission security, that component of communication
security which results from all measures designed to protect
transmissions from interception and trafﬁc analysis.

c. Further details on the subject of communication security will be
found in JANAP 122(A) Joint Communications Instructions.

16. Time Needed for Cryptanelysis and its Dependent Factors

a. In military 'operations time is a vital element. The inﬂuence or effect
that analysis of military cryptograms may have on the tactical situation
depends on various time factors.

b. Of these factors, the following are the most important:

(1) The length of time necessary to transmit intercepted enemy
cryptograms to solving headquarters. This factor is negligible
only when signal communication agencies are properly and
speciﬁcally organized to perform this function.

(2). The length of time required to organize raw materials, to make
trafﬁc analysis studies and to solve the cryptograms, and the
time required to make copies, tabulate, and record data.

(3) The nature of information disclosed by traffic analysis studies
and solved cryptograms; whether it is of immediate or opera-
tional importance in impending action, or whether it is of his-
torical interest only in connection with past action.

(4) The length of time necessary to transmit information to the
organization or bureau responsible for evaluating the informa-
tion. Only after information has been evaluated does it become
military intelligence.

(5) The length of time necessary to transmit resulting military
intelligence to the agency or agencies responsible for tactical
operations, and the length of time necessary for the agency to
prepare orders for the action determined by the intelligence and
to transmit them to the combat units concerned. The last
sentence under (1) above applies here also.

c. Of the factors mentioned in b above, the only one of direct interest
in this manual is the length of time required to solve the cryptograms.
This is subject to great variation, dependent upon other factors, of
which the following are the most important:

(1) The degree of cryptographic security in the system. The degree
of security depends upon the technical soundness of the system
itself. Technical soundness, in turn, determines the resistance
to analysis which the system offers. Cryptographic systems vary
widely in technical soundness, but this manual does not attempt
to demonstrate such variation.
