REF ID:A56932

f- The security of a scheme such as the foregoing is dependent upon
the manner in which the indicators are treated in the cryptographing
processes. If the indicators are given in clear, that is, without disguise of
one sort or another, it becomes possible to study a series of encicode
messages and perhaps to solve them, even without possession of the code.
On the other hand, if the indicators are themselves disguised by en—
ciphering them according to a well-designed method, the system as a
whole becomes very secure and may, indeed, be made impregnable against
attack for a very long time.

163. Observations on Arithmetical Methods

a. It can be perceived by this time that the foregoing arithmetical
methods are, in reality, substitution methods. Where a ﬁxed group is
added or subtracted from the placode group this is easy to see. For
example, if the ﬁxed additive is 3089 and the placode group is 8752, the
encicode group is 1731. This is the same as saying that a 4—alphabet
system is involved, and the alphabets are as follows:

Placode ........... 1234567
567890

 

Alphabet No. “Cipher”

012345
123456

own-His

to

0:

.p.

U:

a:

~2
imam-I on
mutate to
@0000: o

purer-

Note that merely a simple cyclic displacement of values is involved in
the process, the amount of displacement being governed by the particular
digit in each position of the additive group. What this amounts to, in
cryptographic terms, is a four-alphabet encipherment using direct
standard alphabets, where the “normal alphabet” is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0.
The process could be made more diﬂicult by employing “mixed alpha-
bets” of course, but then the feature of speed, which is now possible (in
view of early training in addition, whereby the mental arithmetic involved
becomes second nature), would be lost, since constant reference would
have to be made to enciphering and deciphering tables.

b. It becomes clear that when a series of different additives or sub—
tractors is used, as when a keybook is employed, then the number of
alphabets involved corresponds to the number of digits employed. Thus,
despite the fact that the encipherment process is here one that involves
merely the numerical equivalents of direct standard alphabets, the
system can have great cryptographic security, depending upon (1) how
long the keying sequence is, that is, the number of groups comprising
the additive or subtractor series; (2) the composition of this keying
sequence, that is, whether it consists of random digits or is systematic
in its construction; and (3) whether this sequence or parts of it are
used only once or several times. The last-mentioned factor is the most

185

 

