(2) Regular channels of signal communication carry only a 
limited volume of trafﬁc. Their most efﬁcient operation demands
that the smallest number of characters actually necessary to
convey a given mesSage be transmitted. Therefore, the crypto-
graphic text should be no longer than its equivalent clear text.
In an exceptional ease, the cryptographic text- may be longer
than the equivalent clear text, but a system in which the
cryptographic text is twice the length of the equivalent clear
text is useful only if it is of outstanding merit and suitable for
certain restricted or special use. No system in which the crypto-
graphic text is more than twice the length of the equivalent
clear text is practicable for military usage. Most of the crypto-
graphic systems in current use produce cryptograms which cor-
respond 1n length with that of the original plain—text message
or are somewhat shorter.

(3) General requirements of reliability and speed are that the opera-
tions of cryptographing and decryptographing be relatively
simple and rapid. For use in the combat zone, operations must
be capable of being performed under difﬁcult ﬁeld conditions
and must not require the remembering and application of a
long series of steps or rules. They must be such as to reduce
the mental strain on the operator to a minimum. Complex
processes requiring several distinct steps are not suited to use
in the combat zone, but occasionally systems involving only
two steps, if each step is simple and rapid, may be practicable
for military usage.

(4) Cipher devices or machines for ﬁeld use must be light 1n weight,
rugged in construction, and simple in operations, requiring the
services of only one operator. Requirements to be met by high—
speed cipher machines are too complex to be described in this
manual.

(5) The system must be such that errors, which invariably occur in
cryptographic communications, can be corrected easily and
rapidly by cryptographic technicians. A system is impractical
if frequently it is necessary to call for a repetition of the whole
transmission, or for a rechecking of the original crypto-
graphing.

e. Only a few of the systems which fullfill at least several of the fore—
going practical requirements are included in this manual.
