sage containing a secret or hidden meaning, prepared with the intention
of escaping suppression by censors in war time, the sentence “Son born
today" may mean “Three transports left today.” Messages of this type
are in encrypted text and are said to be in open code. Although occa-
sionally useful in espionage and counter-espionage, secret communication
systems of this sort are impractical for ﬁeld military use, and will not
be dealt with further in this manual.

d. The term “correspondents” is used in this manual to designate per-
sons who exchange messages with each other. Between the originator
and the addressee there may be persons who actually write and handle
the messages, who convert the plain texts into cryptograms, or who
reconvert the cryptograms into plain texts. The originator and the
addressee may also do this work but in the U. S. Army such work is
usually done by special personnel who act as agents of the correspondents.

e. The term “enemy” is used in this manual to designate all persons
who obtain messages or copies of messages not intended for them.

6. Cryptography, Cryptographing. and Decryptographing

a. Cryptography is that branch of cryptology which treats of various
means and methods for rendering plain text unintelligible and recon-
verting unintelligible text into plain text or the application thereof.

b. To cryptograph3 (encrypt) is to convert a plain-text message into
a cryptogram by following certain rules agreed upon in advance by
correspondents, or furnished them or their agents by higher authority.
The process of cryptographing a message produces a cryptogram.

c. To decryptogroph (decrypt) is to reconvert a cryptogram into the
equivalent plain-text message by a direct reversal of the cryptographing
process; that is, by applying to the cryptogram the key used in crypto-
graphing the plain text.

(1. A person skilled in the art of cryptographing and decryptographing,
or one who has a part in making a cryptographic system is called a
cryptographer; a clerk who cryptographs and decryptographs, or who
assists in such work, is called a cryptographic clerk.

7. Codes, Ciphersl and Enciphered Code

a. Cryptographing and decryptographing are accomplished by means
collectively designated as code: and ciphers. Such means are used for
either or both of two purposes: (1) secrecy, and (2) economy or brevity.
Secrecy usually is far more important in military cryptography than
economy or brevity. In ciphers or cipher systems cryptograms are pro-
duced by applying the cryptographic treatment to individual letters of
the plain—text messages, whereas in codes or code systems cryptograms
are produced by applying the cryptographic treatment to entire words,

3Compare the terms "cryptography," "cryptogram," and "cryptograph" with the terms
“telegraphy,” "telegram," and "telegraph."
