 

 

 

REF ID:A56932

Where letters of the alphabet must be used, as in certain sym—
bols designating types of equipment, it may be necessary to
represent these letters by their authorized phonetic equivalents,
where it is essential that there be no possibility of error. Such
spelling out however, should be reduced to a minimum.

(4) Authorized abbreviations should be used whenever practicable.

(5) Regulations regarding the manner of indicating addresses and
signatures should be carefully followed.

(6) Regulations governing the security classiﬁcation of messages
(Top Secret, Conﬁdential, Restricted) must be observed at all
times.

b. Much of the success which attends the eﬁorts of cryptanalysts is
based upon ignorance and carelessness on the part of cryptographic per-
sonnel. Rarely are cryptographic blunders the result of willful violation
of instructions; but if cryptographic personnel realize, that, by careless—
ness or ignorance, their own lives and those of thousands of their com-
rades are jeopardized, they will be more attentive to rules set up for their
guidance. The most important of these rules are as follows:

(1) Questionable messages. Never cryptograph a message which, in
the opinion of the cryptographer, violates any of the provisions
or regulatons relating to the drafting of messages, until the
question has been referred to and passed by someone with
authority to change the message.

(2) Mixing plain and cryptographic text. Never allow cryptographic
text with its equivalent plain language to appear in a crypto-
gram, and never mix plain and cryptographic text, except in
messages where such mixtures are speciﬁcally permitted. This
includes punctuation and abbreviations of any description. Such
messages afford valuable clues to the enemy. If a message is to
be cryptographed at all, it should be completely cryptographed.

(3) Text of messages.

(a) Never repeat in the clear the identical text of a message once
sent in cryptographic form, or repeat in cryptographic form
the text of a message once sent in the clear. Anything which
will enable an alert enemy to compare a given piece of plain
text with a cryptogram that supposedly contains this plain
text is highly dangerous to the safety of the cryptographic
system. Where information must be given out for publicity,
or where information is handled by many persons, the plain-
text version should be very carefully paraphrased before
distribution, to minimize the data an enemy might obtain
from an accurate comparison of the cryptographic text with
the equivalent, original plain text. To paraphrase a message
means to rewrite it so as to change its original wording as
much as possible without changing the meaning of the mes—

84

