_.-—- a- w er

 

 

REF ID:A56932

 

secrecy, ﬁgure groups often form the basis for the encipherment more
readily than do letter groups.

d. Prior to 1 January 1934, in practically all modern codes constructed
by experts, letter code groups were of the artiﬁcial—word type. On that
date new rules in international communication became effective,5 permit—
ting the use of letter code groups without restriction in their formation,
as class (3) in a above. It is probable that almost all of the codes pub-
lished subsequently to the above date will contain letter code groups of
the unrestricted type.”

e. The greatest advantage possessed by letter groups over ﬁgure groups
lies in the availability of a far greater number of permutations, or inter-
changes, of letter groups, because there are 26 letters which may be
permuted to form letter code groups, whereas there are only 10 digits
which may be permuted to form ﬁgure groups. If code groups of ﬁve
elements are used, then there are available 26"“, or 11,881,376 groups of
ﬁve letters, and only 105, or 100,000 groups of ﬁve ﬁgures. Now since
the number of permutations of 26 letters taken in groups of ﬁve is so
great, only permutations conforming to special types may be selected for
use, and there will still remain a sufﬁcient number of code groups for
even the largest codes. Certain types of code groups are selected so that
possible error in telegraphic transmission can be reduced to a minimum.
If the code groups have been constructed scientiﬁcally it is possible to
correct such errors quickly without having the message repeated.

73. Length of ‘Code Groups

The length of code groups used, whether the groups consist of two,
three, four, or ﬁve elements, depends upon the size of the code. This
applies almost exclusively to ﬁeld military or naval codes, where trans-
mission is through a governmental agency; in commercial messages or
in governmental communications transmitted over privately-operated
lines, ﬁve—letter or ﬁve—ﬁgure groups are used almost exclusively because
of the regulations adopted by the International Telegraph Conferences
and by commercial telegraph and cable companies. As a general rule in
the transmission of code and cipher messages, each group of ﬁve letters
is counted as one word regardless of the number and arrangement of
vowels; each group of ﬁve ﬁgures is counted as one word.

74. Permutation Tables of Two-Letter Differential

a. Code groups of modern codes are constructed by use of tables which
permit more or less automatic and systematic construction in the form
desired. These are called permutation tables. Because they may be used
_“Se: Telegraph Regulations, International Telecommunication Convention, Madrid, 1932.

’ For a treatise on the development of codes see "The History of Codes and Code Language, the

International Telegraph Regulations pertaining thereto, and the bearing of this history on the
Cortina Report," by Major William F. Friedman, Sig.-Res., Government Printing Oﬂice, 1928.

67

  
 

..
,.

.3

il
.
',

 

._._....._.=_=;:>=a-'._' - -

g

 

