 

REF ID:A56932

Section N. CODE GROUPS

72. Composition of Code Groups

a. The elements of which code groups are composed may be of one or
more of the following types:

( l) Bona ﬁde words—real words taken from the dictionaries of one
or more languages. The usual languages employed as sources
for code words of this type are Dutch, English, French,
German, Italian, Latin, Portuguese, and Spanish.

(2) Artiﬁcial words—groups of letters having no real meaning,
constructed more or less systematically by arrangements of
vowels and consonants so as to give these groupings the appear—
ance and pronounceability of bona ﬁde words.

(3) Groups of letters presenting no appearance of bona ﬁde or
artiﬁcial words and resembling cipher groups.

(4) Groups of arabic ﬁgures.

b. For special purposes, code groups composed of intermixtures of
letters and ﬁgures within groups may be used. Call signs for radio
stations, such as WZKA and WSAZZ, are examples of such intermix-
tures often used in radio call—sign codes. In certain highly specialized
naval or military codes, the intermixture of letters and ﬁgures is some—
times necessary. Such intermixtures, however, are either not accepted or,
if accepted, are charged for at a greatly increased rate when they appear
in messages transmitted by commercial communications agencies.

6. A code may contain two or more parallel sets of code groups of
different types. For example, in many commercial codes and in some
military and naval codes, there is one series of code groups of the bona
ﬁde or artiﬁcial word type and another series of the ﬁgure-group type,
both applying to the same series of words, phrases, and sentences of the
code. There are several reasons for this. In most parts of the world where
italic or roman letters are used for writing, letters possess greater advan—
tages in accuracy of reading and handling by telegraph personnel. This
is necessary for correct transmission and reception of messages. How-
ever, in some parts of the world—for example, Turkey, Russia, China——
telegraph personnel, except in the large cities, are unfamiliar with the
English alphabet and hence many errors in transmission arise. But arabic
digits are almost universally recognized and used, so that for communica—
tions between obscure ports and small cities in foreign countries, ﬁgure
groups are preferred over letter groups. There are certain methods of
condensing code groups composed of ﬁgures into still smaller groups
Composed of letters by means of condensers, so that many ﬁrms use
ﬁgure groups for such purposes in expensive transmissions. Finally, in
certain methods of enciphering code messages for the sake of greater

66

