equivalents of the same plain-text letteB'gtEa {Wdiatéé’ﬁ $3.35 as

equivalents of some of the high-frequency letters. Now there are certain
conditions inherent in the method itself, conditions which cannot here be
indicated, that result in producing in the cryptograms certain deﬁnite
clues leading to the rapid establishment, in cryptanalysis, of the equiva-
lence of different variant values. Furthermore, in these systems the vary—
ing or alternative equivalents for plain—text letters are subject to the free
choice and caprice of the encipherer. If he is careful and conscientious
in the work he will actually make use of all the variant values afforded
by the system; but if he is slip—shod and hurried in his work, he will use
the same equivalent repeatedly rather than take pains and time to refer
to his charts, tables, or diagrams to ﬁnd variants. The result is that the
cryptograms based upon these methods are open to easy solution, even
when the basic methods are such as would make a solution difficult with-
out the interception of carelessly enciphered messages. What is necessary
is a system in which there is established a deﬁnite procedure for auto-
matically shifting or changing the cipher alphabets employed in the en-
cipherment of a single message; a method which within certain limits is
beyond the momentary whims of cipher clerks, and which to a higher
degree makes difﬁcult the establishment of the equivalency of different
cipher values. These are the objects of true polyalphabetic substitution
systems. The number of such systems is large. Therefore, it will be pos-
sible to describe only a few of the more common or typical examples of
methods practicable for military use.

c. The three methods (a) simple monoalphabetic substitution, (b)
monoalphabetic substitution with variants, and (c) true polyalphabetic
substitution, are attended by the following consequences in the plain text
cipher relationship, a careful study of which will help to understand their
similarities and differences:

(1) Encipherment—

In method (a) each plain-text letter is represented by one and
always the same cipher equivalent.

In method (b) and method (c), each plain—text letter is repre-
sented by two or more different cipher equivalents, but in
method (b) the variations are subject only to the whim of the
encipherer, whereas in method (c) the identities of the cipher
letters are determiner! by the positions they occupy in the
text.

(2) Decipherment—

In method (a) and method (b), each cipher equivalent repre—
sents one and always the same plain—text letter.

In method (c) one and the same cipher equivalent represents
two or more different plain—text letters, the identities of
which are determined by the positions they occupy in the
text.

49

 

