Q)

(Q

(B

REF ID:A56932

command, because the simplicity of a code book is to be pre-
ferred to the complexity of a large cipher machine. But unen-
ciphered code is not sufﬁciently secure for the communications
of the highest echelons and headquarters. If encipherment must
be added as a second step in the cryptographic process, it
practically destroys the simplicity features of a code system;
unless the enciphering method is fairly complex, it adds little
security. In a properly designed cipher machine, embodying
sound cryptographic principles based upon a thorough knowl-
edge of cryptanalytic principles, the single—step-encipherment
process can yield cryptograms of very great security. In a good
code system, however, the solution of one or even of several
messages does not entail the immediate breakdown of the
entire system, with the consequent ability to read all messages,
as is usually the case in a cipher system.” Codebooks, of course,
can be rendered useless by compromise. Actual possession for
a long period of time is not necessary; methods of rapid
photography may be applied and a book of several hundred
pages copied in a few minutes.

Rapidity. The speed with which a cipher n-iachine equipped with
a typewriter keyboard can be operated leaves even simple,
unenciphered code far behind in the matter of rapidity.
Flexibility. Complete ﬂexibility would permit cryptographing
the originator’s own language without change necessitated by
the limitations that exist in all but the most extensive codebooks.
Thus, a cipher machine is much more ﬂexible than a code and
can be used for all sorts of messages; whereas, in a code con—
taining words, phrases, and sentences prepared for a speciﬁc
type of communication, rewording the original text as written
by the originator is often necessary, if the words, phrases, and
sentences in the codebook are to be used; otherwise the original
wording must be encoded word by word, or even syllable by
syllable.

Economy. Whether expressed in terms of money or man-
power, cipher systems are more economical than code systems
for high-echelon communications. Code text is usually shorter
than the equivalent plain text, because it is condensed or
abbreviated, but a single clerk operating a rapid cipher machine

”A good cipher system may be compared to a library housed in a large structure of many
rooms with all doors and all windows securely locked. If an intruder can force an entry into
the structure, he will ﬁnd a master key which will open all the locks and give him access to all
the books in the library. A good code system (especially a two-part code) may be compared to
a library housed in a similar structure, but no two locks are alike and no master key is available
or can be made. Therefore, the lock on each door must be worked at patiently as a separate
problem. Thus, although the intruder may force his way into one room, this gives him access
to only a small part of the library; in order to read all the books, he must force his way into
each room, which takes much time, since each lock presents a separate and special problem.

75

 

