 

REF ID:A56932

lib-1‘." -

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

W S H I N
O C

E F J KA KE KI

K0 KU L M -

R U v x Y
Figure 66.

,

r'

IFe. Two-alphabet rectangles are also possible; it is thought unneces—
sary to demonstrate them by speciﬁc examples. The general examples
shown in b above are considered sufﬁcient.

d. It is possible, however, and it may be practicable to extend the
alphabet to 28, 30, or more characters by the subterfuge now to be
explained. Suppose one of the letters of the alphabet is omitted from
the set of 26 letters, and suppose it is replaced by 2, 3, or more pairs of
letters, each pair having as one of its members the omitted single letter.
Thus, in the case of a one—alphabet Playfair design of rectangular shape,
in which the letter K is omitted as a single letter, and the number of
characters in the rectangle is made a total of 30 by the addition of ﬁve
c-bmbinations of K with other letters, the rectangle shown in ﬁgure 66
may be constructed. An interesting consequence of this modiﬁcation is
that certain irregularities are introduced in the cryptogram, consisting
in ( l) the occasional replacement of 01—02,, by W, that is, of a digraph
by a trigraph, (2) less frequently, the replacement of 010203,, by
01020304” that is, of a trigraph by a tetragraph, and (3) the appearance
of variant values. For example, m, = 'H"KU,; 61?, = OKOc;
m = KAKEc; ETC}, = I'B—KE-c, or DKEc, or 513,, or TE. So far as
the decryptographing is concerned, there would be no difﬁculty, because
the operator always considers any K occurring in the cipher test as invari—
ably forming a ligature with the succeeding letter, taking the pair of
letters as a unit. In decryptographing a set of letters, such as 6E, he
obtains (715,; he disregards the 0.

e. As a ﬁnal note it may be added that it is, of course, possibleto-
insert the letters within a matrix in a less systematic order than that
indicated in the various examples. The letters may be inserted at random
or by following the principles of systematically-mixed alphabets, so that
no deﬁnite sequence is apparent in the matrix.

119. Combined Alphabetical and Numerical Matrix

a. Figure 67 shows a 4—section matrix which presents a rather inter-
esting feature in that it makes possible the substitutiom of 3-ﬁgure com.—

1.42

