REF ID:A56932

transposition, form the basis of a second, or T—2 transposition. If the
process is continued, there may be T—3, T—4 . . . transpositions, and
each may involve the use of a geometric ﬁgure or design. For con—
venience, the design involved in accomplishing the T—1 transposition
may be designated as the D—1 design; that involved in accomplishing
the T—2 transposition as the D—2 design, etc. However, it may as well
be stated at this point, that so far as military cryptography is concerned,
methods which involve more than D—2 and T—2 elements are entirely
impractical and often those which involve no more than D—2 and T—2
elements are also impracticable for such use.

93. True and False Polyphase Transpositions

a. It is possible to perform two or more transpositions with the
letters of a text and yet the ﬁnal cryptogram will be no more difﬁcult
to solve than if only a single transposition had been effected. The equiva-
lent of this in the case of substitution ciphers is to encipher a mono-
alphabetic cryptogram by means of a second single alphabet; the ﬁnal
result is still a monoalphabetic substitution cipher. Likewise, if a mes-
sage had been enciphered by a simple form of route transposition
and a second and similar or approximately similar form of simple
route transposition is again applied to the text of the ﬁrst transposition,
the ﬁnal text is still that of a monophase transposition cipher. Again,
two transpositions may be accomplished without really affecting a more
thorough scrambling of the letters composing the original text. Examples
will serve to clarify the differences between false and true polyphase
transposition.

b. Note the following simple columnar transposition cipher pre-
pared according to the method described in paragraph 27 :

Message: DELIVER ALL AMMUNITION TO 4TH DIVISION
DUMP-

Keyword : SCHEDULE = i:

q

SCHEDUL
-1-5-5-2-8-6-

Enciphering rectangle :

I—l

 

 

 

 

 

vac-arcs:
HWHI‘H

oao>rcn
23:23:49:
Dua=<m
:Hocmm
a<wzwa>
‘UHOHbIDh

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cryptogram (T—l):

ELI'RI VMTDD IMNHN A I
DL'PUS EUOIU IO P LAOTO mm

Figure 38.
1 00

 

