 
(2) The adequacy and technical soundness of regulations drawn up
by designers of the cryptographic system for the guidance of
cryptographic technicians who are its actual users.

(3) The extent to which cryptographic technicians follow these
regulations and procedures. Security of a good cryptographic
system can be almost completely destroyed by a few crypto-
graphic technicians who fail to observe the regulations, are
careless in their observance, in sheer ignorance commit serious
violations of cryptographic security, or adopt bad technical
habits. As a result, these technicians jeopardize not only their
own lives but the lives of thousands of their comrades.

(4) The volume of cryptographic text available for study. As a
rule, the greater the volume of text, the more easily and
speedily it can be solved. A single cryptogram in a given sys—
tem may present an almost hopeless task for the cryptanalyst,
but if many cryptograms of the same system or in the same or
closely related speciﬁc keys are available for study, the solution
may be reached in a very short time.

(5) The number, skill, and efﬁciency of organization and coopera—
tion of signal intelligence units assigned to the work. Crypt--
analytic headquarters are organized in units of ascending size,
ranging from a few persons in the forward echelons to many
persons in the rear echelons. Such organization avoids duplica—
tion of effort and, especially in forward areas where spot intel—
ligence is most useful, makes possible the quick interpretation
of cryptograms in already solved systems. In all these units,
proper organization of highly skilled workers is essential for
efﬁcient operation.

(6) The amount and character of information and intelligence avail—
able to the cryptanalytic headquarters. Isolated cryptograms ex-
changed between a restricted, small group of correspondents,
about whom and whose business no information is available,
may resist the efforts of even a highly organized, skilled crypt-
analytic ofﬁce indeﬁnitely. If, however, a certain amount of
such information is obtained, the situation may be entirely
changed. In military operations usually a great deal of collateral
information is available, from sources indicated in paragraph
146. As a rule, a fair amount of more or less deﬁnite informa-
tion concerning speciﬁc cryptograms is at hand, such as proper
names of persons and places, and events in the immediate past
or future. Although the exchange of information between intel-
ligence and cryptanalytic staffs is very important, the collection
of information derived from an intensive study of already
solved trafﬁc is equally as important because it yields extremely
