CHAPTER 2
ELEMENTARY TRANSPOSITION SYSTEMS

 

Section 1. SIMPLE MONOLITERAL TRANSPOSITION
METHODS

19. Transposition Ciphers in General

Transposition ciphers are like “jig-saw puzzles” in that all the pieces
of which the whole original is composed are present but are merely dis-
arranged. The pieces into which the picture forming the basis of' a jig-
saw puzzle may be divided are irregular in size and shape, but the pieces
into which the plain text forming the basis of a transposition cipher may
be divided must be much more regular, for the sake of practicability.
They must be either single letters or pairs of letters, or sets of letters in
regular groupings, or, in an exceptional case, whole words. Most trans-
position methods however, deal with individual letters and are therefore
termed “monoliteral methods.” The other methods are termed ”polyliteral
methods.”

20. Geometric Designs

(1. Practically all monoliteral or polyliteral transposition ciphers involve
the use of a design or geometric ﬁgure, such as a square, rectangle, tri—
angle, trapezoid, etc., in which the letters of the plain text are ﬁrst
inscribed or written according to a previously agreed-upon direction of
writing and then transcribed or rewritten according to another and diﬂ‘er-
ent, previously agreed-upon direction to form the text of the cryptogram.
In nearly all cases the speciﬁc key consists in (1) using designs of a spe—
ciﬁc nature and dimensions, and (2) varying the direction or manner of
inscription or transcription, or both.

b. In working with transposition ciphers or, for that matter, most
types of ciphers, cross—section paper will be found very convenient.
Cross-section paper with M-inch squares is most suitable. For brevity in
reference, the individual small squares of such cross-section paper will
hereafter be called cells.

21. Route Transpositions

a. Suppose the correspondents agree to use the method of monoliteral
transposition known as route transpgsition, The message is inscribed

18

