 

REF ID:A56932

and in Great Britain, code books or, simply, codes. In other countries
they are called repertories, word books, cipher dictionaries, enciphering
and deciphering tables, etc., although the term “code" is becoming prev-
alent throughout the world.

b. There are variOUS types of codes each suited to particular types of
corresp0ndence. Some are large books used for general business or social
correspondence; others are intended for particular industries—for
example, rubber, sugar, steel, and automobile—and contain highly spe-
cialized technical vocabularies. Most large commercial ﬁrms have their
own private codes, constructed especially for their use. This manual
however, is concerned only with codes suitable for military communica-
tion. While the resemblances between the ordinary commercial codes and
the usual military codes are marked, their primary purposes are different.
Code is used in commercial communications principally to effect economy
in cost of communicating, secrecy being of secondary importance. In
modern military signal communications code is used to effect secrecy,
brevity, and speed, especially in front—line signal communications. How-
ever, in lengthy administrative messages, the economy afforded by a
properly constructed code is important.

70. Brevity Afforded by Code Systems

a. Messages cryptographed by means of a code book are secure only
when the code book is kept secret. There are, however, code systems in
which secrecy is not a factor. Such systems are intended for brevity or,
in transmission by commercial telegraph, for economy. Code books
afford a means for abbreviating or condensing the writing necessary to
convey information. A single, comparatively short group of code char-
acters may represent a whole word of as~many as 15 or more letters, a
long phrase, or a complete sentence. Thus, as a rule, the text of a code
message is much shorter than the plain text, and therefore costs less to
send. Naturally, the condensing power of a code book varies with the ex-
tensiveness of its vocabulary, since in a small book there can be listed
only the most common words and only a few phrases and sentences;
whereas, in a large book practically all the words likely to be used in tele-
graphic communication, and many common phrases and sentences may
be included. When a code book is used to condense text only for pur-
poses of economy, it is called a nonsecret code. Examples of such codes
are the ordinary commercial codes sold in book stores. A code book may
combine the features of economy and secrecy, in which case the book
itself must be safeguarded from the enemy as a secret code.

I). In addition to money saving, code systems save time and labor in
transmission and reception, as the number of characters handled in code
systems is smaller than in cipher systems. The saving of time is an

64

