 

 

 

REF ID:A56932

'b. It is important to note that such a key as the foregoing must be
of a length that does not contain a factor in commbn with the length of
the code; groups involved in the encipherment, for if it does contain a
common factor the period will be abbreviated. For example, in the fore-
going case, since the repeating key contains 9 digits and the code groups
4 digits, the length of the enciphering period is 9 groups, that is, two
identical placode groups must be at least 9 groups apart before they will
produce identical encicode groups. But if the keying sequence were 10
digits in length this phenomenon of cyclic repetition could happen if the
identical placode groups were but 5 groups apart, since the common
factor 2 cuts the potential keying length in half; and if the keying
sequence were 12 digits in length the period would be but 3 groups. In
this connection see also paragraph 131 c.

162. 'Nonrepeai'ing Additives and Subtractors

a. When special tables are employed as the source of the adders or
subtractors for superenciphering code, a much more secure system is
provided. The tables may be contained in a book or document called a
keybook, an additive book, or a subtractor book. On each page of such a
book groups of numbers are regularly disposed in rows and columns on
the page. By applying identifying symbols called indicators to the pages,
as well as to the rows and the columns on each page of the keybook, it is
possible to provide for the safe superenciphcrment of a large volume of
traffic. All correspondents must, of course, be provided with the same
basic code book and the same keybook. In employing the keybook the
indicators tell the recipient of a message what groups were used; that is,
where to begin in the decipherment of the encicode. A page from a
typical keybook of this sort is shown in ﬁgure 72.

b. It should be noted that whether the arbitrary numerical groups in
the keybook are employed as adder: or as subtractor: has nothing to do
with the nature of the groups themselves: the latter may be used either
way, provided consistency is observed and the correspondents agree as to
whether the groups will be employed throughout the messages in the
additive manner (in encipherment) illustrated in Example A (a) in
paragraph 160e, or in the subtractor manner illustrated in Example C
(a), in paragraph 160g. In ﬁgure 72 are shown two sets of 100 4-digit
groups, disposed in numbered blocks each containing 10 columns and
10 rows of groups. To designate a group as the initial one to be employed
in encipherment, or decipherment, it is merely necessary to give the
block number, the row number and the column number of the group. For
example, 0116 is the indicator for the group 8790. It is usual to take the
successive groups in the normal order of reading, that is, from left to
right and from the top downwards, although any other order of reading
may be agreed upon between correspondents. The book from which this

182

