..»-.u.. .«..-.......-.x.. _. .

REF ID:A56932

This type of transposition is 'sdmetimes Called the rail-fence cipher
because it can be produced by writing the message in the following form:

BIGDSRYD
RDEETOE

which yields the same cipher result as before.

25. Remarks on Monoliteral Route Transposition

Reversed writing and vertical writing of the types indicated yield ex-
tremely simple cryptograms. In practice they are sometimes used in con—
nection with other more or less simple cryptographing methods to in-
crease their security. The cryptographic security of the other methods
thus far indicated is also very low, despite the apparently large degree of
variability they afford. The reason is that the route to be followed in the
inscription or transcription process is deﬁnitely ﬁxed under each type of
route. In other types Of transposition soon to be discussed, a much
wider latitude for variation in the route is afforded by the use of- kley
words to control or to guide these processes. Geometric designs are also
used in these types of transposition, and key words determine the dimen-
sions of the design, or else, if only one key word is used, it determines
one dimension, the other being determined by the length of the text.
Examples given in their proper place will serve to illustrate the processes.

26. Key Words and Numerical Keys

:1. It is often necessary, in performing certain cryptographic opera-
tions, to employ a numerical key, which may consist of a relatively long
sequence of numbers difﬁcult or impossible for the average cipher clerk
to'memorize. To avoid making it necessary that such sequences of num-
bers be carried on the person in written form, a dangerous procedure,
cryptographers have devised very simple methods of deriving such
sequences from words, phrases, or sentences, which can usually be re-
membered much more easily than can unintelligible, relatively long se—
quences of numbers. One of the simplest methods is to assign numerical
values to the letters of the key in accordance with their relative positions
in the ordinary alphabet. Such a key is called a derived numerical key.
This method of assigning the numbers is very ﬂexible and varies with
different uses to which numerical keys are put. For purposes of trans-
position, the method shown below is very satisfactory. .

b. Let the prearranged key word be the word CARBUNCLE. Since
the word contains the letter A, which comes ﬁrst in the alphabet, the
number 1 is written under this letter in the key word. Thus:

CARBUNCLE
1

24

