REF ID:A56932

preceding-section, as well as the simpler varieties making use merely of
two or more superimposed, concentric disks are in the nature of. hand-
operated substitution-cipher mechanisms that are difﬁcult to use, cannot
be employed for rapid or automatic cryptographic manipulations, and
are “quite markedly susceptible to errors in their operation. For a long
time these defects have been recognized and many men have striven to
produce and to perfect devices more automatic in their functioning.
However, the would-be inventors have not, as a rule, realized the com-
plexity of the problems confronting them; nor have they approached
these problems with the necessary and thorough knowledge of 'both
theoretical and practical cryptography, with its many limitations, and
theoretical as well as practical cryptanalysis, with its wide possibilities
for the exercise of human ingenuity. However, when the problem of
developing and producing a good cipher machine is attacked by a com—
petent cryptographic and cryptanalytic engineering staff, highly efﬁcient
cipher machines can be developed. At this writing some very excellent
machines are now in actual use for practical secret communications.

1). It is obvious that automatic devices of this nature should be equipped
with a keyboard of some kind, resembling or duplicating that of an
ordinary typewriter. Furthermore, for rapid manipulation these machines
must be actuated by mechanisms affording speed in operatiOn, such as
electric or spring motors, compressed air, electromagnets, etc.

149. Machines Attording Only M-onoalphabetic Substitution

Little need be said of those machines in which the ordinary keys of the
keyboard are merely covered with removable caps bearing other letters
or characters. They yield only the simplest type of substitution cipher
known and have little to recommend them. Even when the mechanism is
such that a whole series of alphabets can be brought into play, if the
encipherment is monoalphabetic for a succession of 20 or-more letters
before the- alphabet changes, the degree of cryptographic security is
relatively low, especially if the various alphabets are interrelated as a
result of their derivation from a limited number of primary components.

150. Machines Attording Polyalphabetic Substitution

a. In recent years there have been placed upon the commercial market
several cipher machines of more than ordinary interest, but they. cannot
be described here in detail. In some of them the number of secondary
alphabets is quite limited, but the method‘ of their employment, or rather
the manner in which the mechanism operates to bring the cipher alpha-
bets into play is so ingenious that the solution of cryptograms prepared
by means of the machine is exceedingly diﬁ'ieult. This point should -be
clearly recognized and understood: other things being equal, the manner

1.6?

