 

REF ID:A56932

c. When a strict alphabetical arrangement is used in the sequence of
the phrases, the code is said to be a strictly alphabetical code; when the
phrases are listed under separate headings based upon the principal word
or idea in the whole expression, the code is said to be a caption code. The
following extracts will serve to illustrate the two types:

Caption code Strictly alphabetical

Assistance Assistance

Give assistance Assistance for

Require assistance Assistance from

No assistance required Assistance has been sent

Assistance has been sent Assistance to

Assistance for Assistant

Assistance from Assisted

AssistanCe to .................... . ..........
Assistant Give
Assisted Give assistance

etc. ......... . .....................

No

Require
Require assistance

(1. More precise and economical encoding is possible with a caption
code than with an alphabetical code. With the caption code it is easier
to assemble an extended variety of expressions and shades of meaning
under speciﬁc headings than with the alphabetical code. On the other
hand, the use of a caption code involves more time and labor in encoding,
especially by untrained or unskilled personnel, than the use of an alpha-
betical code. Where the phraseology of communication is standardized or
stereotypic, the most common expressions may be listed in an alphabetical
code as readily as in a caption code. In both types of codes there may be
tabulated material, such as tables of numbers, dates, equipment, geo-
graphical or personal designations, either fomiing isolated sections in
the code or inserted in the vocabulary under appropriate headings.

e. Two-part codes are used by many governments for their secret
diplomatic, military, and naval communications because the advantages
they offer over one-part codes are greater than their disadvantages. The
disadvantages are: a two-part code is harder to handle than a one—part
code because it is at least twice as large in content, since each code group
and each plain—text element must appear twice; the cost of printing is
approximately double; the amount of labor in compiling a two-part code
is nearly four times greater because of the necessity for preparing the
accurate cross—reference arrangement which is its basic principle.

70

 

