versa. Such combined transposition-substitution methods do not form a
third category of methods. They are occasionally encountered in military
cryptography, but the types of combinations that are sufﬁciently simple to
,be practicable for ﬁeld use are very restricted.

11. Letter, Syllable, and Word Methods

Under each of the two principal classes of cryptograms as outlined in
the preceding paragraph, a further classiﬁcation can be made with respect
to the nature of the textual elements or units with which the crypto-
graphic process deals. These textual units are (1) individual letters, or
groups of letters in regular sets, and (2) complete words. Methods which
deal with the ﬁrst type of units are called letter methods, including, when
such is the case, syllable methods; those which deal with the second type
of units are called word methods.

12. Cipher Systems and Code Systems

It is necessary to indicate that the classiﬁcation into letter, syllable,
and word methods is more or less arbitrary or artiﬁcial in nature, and is
established for purpose of convenience only. No sharp line of demarca-
tion can be drawn in every case, for occasionally a given system may
combine methods of treating single letters, groups of letters, syllables,
whole words, phrases and sentences. When in a single system the
cryptographic treatment is applied to textual units of regular length,
usually single letters or pairs, and is only exceptionally applied to textual
units of irregular length, the system is called a cipher system. Likewise,
when in asingle system the cryptographic treatment is applied to textual
unit-s of irregular length, usually whole words, phrases, and sentences,
and is only exceptionally applied to single letters, pairs, or groups of
letters and syllables, the method is called a code system because it
generally involves the use of a code book. i

 

Section IV. SECURITY AND TIME ELEMENTS
IN ‘CRYPTOGRAPHIC SYSTEMS

13. Interception, Radio Direction Finding, and Radio Position
Finding

a. Messages transmitted by electrical means can be heard and copied
by persons who are not the correspondents or their authorized agents.
Messages transmitted by radio can be manually copied or automatically
recorded by suitably adjusted radio apparatus located within range of the
transmitter. Some messages transmitted over wire lines can likewise be
