phrases, and sentences of the plain—text messages. The specialized mean.
ings of the terms code and cipher are explained in detail later.

b. A cryptogram produced by means of a cipher system is said to be
in cipher and is called a cipher message, or sometimes simply a cipher.
Such act or operation of cryptographing is called enciphering, and the
enciphered version of the plain text, as well as the act or process itself,
is often referred to as the encipherment. The cryptographic clerk who
performs the process serves as an encipherer. The corresponding terms
applicable to the decryptographing of cipher messages are deciphering,
decipherment, and decipherer. A clerk who serves both as an encipherer
and decipherer of messages is called a cipher clerk.

c. A cipher device is an apparatus or a simple mechanism for literal
encipherment and decipherment, usually manually powered; a cipher
machine is an apparatus or complex mechanism for literal encipherment
and decipherment, usually requiring an external power source.

d. A cryptogram produced by means of a code system is said to be
in code and is called a code message, or sometimes simply a code. The
text of the cryptogram is referred to as code text. This act or operation
of cryptographing is called encoding, and the encoded version of the plain
text, as well as the act or process itself is referred to as the encodement.
The clerk who performs the process serves as an encoder. The corres-
ponding terms applicable to the decryptographing of code messages are
decoding, decodement, and decoder. A cryptographic clerk who serves
both as an encoder and decoder of messages is called a code clerk.

e. Sometimes, for special purposes, the code text of a cryptogram
undergoes a further step in concealment involving an enciphering process,
thus producing what is called a cryptogram in enciphered code, or an
enciphered-code message. Encoded cipher, the cipher text of a crypto-
gram which subsequently undergoes encodement, is also possible but rare.

f. In U. S. Army tables of organization and other publications, cipher
clerks and code clerks are cryptographic technicians. They are speciﬁcally
trained to encipher, decipher, encode, and decode messages, using
authorized means, equipment, and procedures.

8. General System and Speciﬁc Key

a. The total of all the basic, invariable rules followed in cryptograph—
ing a message according to a given method, together with all the agree—
ments, conventions or private understandings drawn up between the
correspondents or their authorized agents or furnished them by higher
authority, constitute the general cryptographic system.

b. In the general cryptographic system usually a number, a group of
letters selected at random, a word, a phrase, or a sentence, is used as a
key. The element selected governs the manner in which a cipher device
Or a cipher machine is prepared for the encipherment or decipherment
