 

 

 

REF ID:A56932

 

case of monoliteral substitution, a “one-to—one” correspondence between
units of the plain text and those of the cipher text. In polygraphic sub-
stitution, however, combinations of letters of the plain text, considered
as indivisible compounds, constitute the units for treatment in encipher—
ment. If the units consist of pairs of plain-text letters, the encipherment
is pair-for-pair, and is said to be digraphic in character; if the units
consist of sets of three letters, it is trigraphic in character, and so on.
There is still a “one—to-one” correspondence involved, but the units in
these cases are composite in character and the individual elements com—
posing the units alfect the cipher equivalents jointly, rather than sepa-
rately. The basic important factor in true polygraphic substitution is that
all the letters of the group participate in the determination of the cipher
equivalent of the group; the identity of each letter of the plain-text group
affects the composition of the whole cipher group. Thus, in a certain
digraphic system ABp may be enciphercd as XPc, and AC”, on the
other hand, may be cnciphered as NKc; a difference in the identity of
but one of the letters of the plain—text pair here produces a difference in
the identity of both letters of the cipher pair.

I). For practical usage polygraphic substitution is limited to the
handling of digraphs and trigraphs, although very Occasionally groups of
more than three letters may be employed for special purposes.

c. The fundamental purpose of polygraphic substitution is the sup—
pression or rather the elimination of the frequency characteristics of
ordinary plain text. It is these frequency characteristics which lead,
sooner or later, to the solution of practically all substitution ciphers.
When the substitution involves only individual letters in a monoalpha-
betic system, the cryptogram can be solved very quickly; when it involves
individual letters in a polyalphabetic system, the cryptogram can usually
be solved, but only after a much longer time and much more study,
depending upon the complexity of the method. The basic principle in the
solution, however, is to reduce the polyalphabetic text to the terms of
monoalphabetic ciphers and then to solve the latter. In true polygraphic
substitution on the other hand, the solution does not rest upon the latter
basis at all because it is not a question of breaking up a complex text
into simpler elements; it rests, as a rule, upon the possibility of analysis
on the basis of the frequency of the polygraphic units concerned. If the
substitution is digraphic, then the units are pairs of letters and the
normal frequencies of plain—text pairs become of ﬁrst consideration; if
the substitution is trigraphic, the units are sets of three letters and the
normal frequencies of plain—text trigraphs are involved. In the last two
cases the data that can be employed in the solution are meager, and are
far from deﬁnite or unvarying in their signiﬁcance, and' that is why solu-
tion of polygraphic substitution ciphers is often extremely difﬁcult.

d. Just as in typography, when certain combinations of letters, such
as 6, ﬂ, and fﬁ, are mounted on' one and the same piece of type, they are

125

