 

 

REF 1D:A56932

Here it is seen that U, (R1,) = V,, which is identical with the, result
obtained from the use of the table. There are other ways of using the
table, however, each having a correspondingly modiﬁed method of em-
ploying sliding strips in order to obtain identical results.

Section VII. OBSERVATIONS ON CIPHER SYSTEMS

64. More Complex Substitution Systems

a. The substitution systems discussed above are all based on relatively
simple methods. They can all be solved rapidly. More complicated sys-
tems have been devised, however, and are used in certain situations.
They are brieﬂy described in this section.

b. Virtually all systems based upon the principle of a repeating key
can be solved because of certain cyclic or periodic phenomena, which the
use of a repeating key exhibits externally or internally in the crypto-
grams. There are methods for preventing the external manifestation in
the cryptograms of these phenomena, or their suppression and disguise
if present internally. In some, the principle is to make the elements of a
ﬁxed or invariable-length key apply to variable or irregular-length group-
ings of the plain text so that no cyclic phenomena are exhibited by the
cryptograms. In others, the principle is to apply irregular lengths of the
key, or a variable-length key to regular and ﬁxed groupings of the plain
text, with the same object in view. In still other methods, both principles
are combined, or the key itself is of such a nature that it does not repeat
itself. This may be brought about by constructing or establishing a non-
repeating key, or by employing the key in a special manner. Systems in
which the successive letters of the cipher text or successive letters of'the
plain text after the initial letter serve as successive key-letters are also
used with the object of avoiding or eliminating periodicity.

c. In the majority of the methods described the encipherment deals
with single letters, and is therefore monagraphit: in nature. There are,
however, certain methods in which encipherment is by pairs of letters,
called digraphic substitution, or by sets of three letters, called trigraphic
substitution. Polygraphic substitution methods, as they are mlled, have
for their object the suppression, so far as possible, of the characteristic
frequencies of individual letters, by means of which solution may be
reached. The methods may employ extensive tables, small squares,
rectangles, and other designs, or sets of sliding or rotating alphabets.
The Playfair C ipher, which was for many years a standard ﬁeld cipher in
the British Army and was for a short time during World War I em—
ployed by the U. S. Army, is an example of digraphic substitution.

60

