REF 1D:A56932

124. Interrupted or Variable-Key Systems

In certain of the foregoing systems it was noted that periodicity is
entirely avoided by the use of a key which is so long that it does not
repeat itself ; often such a system is referred to as operating in connection
with an indeﬁnite, inﬁnite, or unlimited key as contrasted with one that
operates in connection with a deﬁnite, ﬁnite, or limited key. But
periodicity may also be avoided by special manipulation of a limited key.
Several such methods are explained below.

125. Suppressing Periodicity by Encipherment of Variable-Length
Grouping: of the Plain Text

a. A keyword, though limited in length, may nevertheless be applied to
variable or invariable—length sections of the plain text. When, for
example, each letter of the key serves to encipher a single letter of the
plain text, the encipherment is said to be invariable or ﬁxed in this
respect. The same is true even if a single letter of the key serves to
encipher regular sets of letters of the plain text; for example, each letter
of the key may serve to encipher 2, 3, 4 . . . . letters of the text. In these
cases periodicity would be manifested externally by the cryptograms,
providing there is a sufﬁcient amount of text to be examined. But if
each letter of the key serves to encipher irregular or variable-length
groupings of the plain text, then periodicity cannot appear except under
rather remote contingencies. Suppose, for example, that so simple a
scheme as letting each letter of the key serve to encipher a complete word
of the text is used; since words are of irregular lengths and there is little
or no regularity whatever in the sequence of words with respect only to
their lengths, periodicity cannot appear. An example of encipherment will
be useful.

b. In the following example the simple cipher disk (direct sequence
sliding against reversed sequence) is used, with the key word DEBARK,
to encipher the following message, according to the scheme described
above. Study it carefully.

Key: D E B A R K
Plain text: COLLECT ALL STRAGGLERS STOP SEND THEM
Cipher: BPSSZBK ETT JIKBVVQXKJ IHML ZNEO RDGY
Key: D E B

Plain text: FORWARD AT ONCE

Cipher: YPMHDMA EL NOZX

Cryptogram: BPSSZ BKETT J IKBV VQXKJ IHMLZ NEORD
GYYPM HDMAE LNOZX

c. Instead of enciphering according to natural word lengths, the irregu-
lar groupings of the text may be regulated by other agreements. For

148

