 

w—~ w""'1' ".‘"“" '

 

 

REF ID:A56932

1). Little need be said of the method based upon constructing external
text the letters of which, at prearranged positions or intervals, spell out
the internal text. For example, it may be prearranged that every fourth
letter of the external text forms the series of letters for spelling out
the internal text, so that only the 4th, 8th, 12th . . . letters of the external
text are signiﬁcant. The same rule may apply to the complete words of
the external text, the n, 2n, 3n, . . . words form the internal text. The
preparation of the external text in a suitable form to escape suspicion
is not so easy as might be imagined, when efficient, experienced, and
vigilant censorship is at work. Often the paragraph or passage containing
the secret text is sandwiched in between other paragraphs added to pad
the letter as a whole with text suitable to form introductory and closing
matter to help allay suspicion as to the presence of secret, hidden text.

c. A modiﬁcation of the foregoing method is that in which the lst,
3d, 5th, . . . words of a secret message are transmitted at one time or by
one agency of communication, and the 2d, 4th, 6th, . . . words of the
message are transmitted at another time or by another agency of com-
munication. Numerous variations of this scheme will suggest themselves,
but they are not to be considered seriously as practical methods of secret
intercommunication.

(1. Two correspondents may agree upon a speciﬁc size of paper and a
special diagram drawn upon this sheet, the lines of which pass through
the words or letters of the internal text as they appear in the external
text. For example, the legs of an equilateral triangle drawn upon the
sheet of paper can serve for this purpose. This method is practicable
only when messages can be physically conveyed by messenger, by the
postal service, or by telephotographic means. Many variations of this
basic scheme may perhaps be encountered in censorship work.

110. Cipher Machines for EFFectin-g Transposition

These may be dismissed with the brief statement that if any exist
today they are practically unknown. A few words are devoted to the
subject in paragraph 147.

123

 

