 

REF ID:A56932

that either directly or indirectly manifest relationships which are im-
portant from a cryptanalytic point of view. It should be clear now that
by means of a single, prearranged, secret word it is possible for two
correspondents to send a whole set of messages all in different mixed
alphabet, or to use a different alphabet for each of 26 consecutive days.

51. Miscellaneous Types of Cipher Alphabets

a. The cipher alphabets shown thus far have used only letters, but
alphabets in which the cipher component consists of ﬁgures, or groups
of ﬁgures, are not uncommon in military cryptography. Cipher alphabets
using signs and symbols are not suitable for military cryptography be-
cause they can neither be telegraphed nor telephoned with any degree
of accuracy, speed, or facility. Since there are but ten digits it is obvious
that, in order to represent a camplete alphabet in ﬁgure ciphers, oom-
binations of at least two digits are necessary. The simplest kind of such
an alphabet is that in which A, = 01, B, = 02, . . . Z, = 26.

 

 

 

1 2 3.4 5 6 7 8 9 0
1 A B 0 D E F G H I J
2 K 1. II N O P Q R S '1'
3 U V l x Y Z . , : :

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure 12.

b. Instead of a simple alphabet of the preceding type, it is possible
to use a simple diagram of the type shown in ﬁgure 12. Here the digits
at the side and top of the rectangle are used to designate, according to
the coordinate system, the cell occupied by each letter and punctuation
mark within the rectangle. When used for such purposes, the ﬁgures (or
letters) constituting coordinate elements are referred to as raw and
column indicators. It is usually necessary to agree beforehand upon
which indicator will be given as the ﬁrst half of the equivalent for a
letter, the row indicator or the column indicator, in order to avoid
ambiguity or error. In all of the systems to be described here, the row
indicator will always form the ﬁrst half of an equivalent. Accordingly
in ﬁgure 12, the letter A, = 11, B, = 12, and so forth.

c. A variation of the foregoing diagram is exempliﬁed in ﬁgure 13.
Here, letters of the alphabet are inserted in the 25 cells of a large square,
I and I being written together in one cell. Then a key word of ﬁve let-
ters is applied to the top of the large square and the same or a differ-
ent key word is applied to the side of the square to form column and row
indicators. In ﬁgure 13, for example, Sp = TI; W: = EH; etc.

44

