 

 

REF ID:A56932

The next letter of the normal alphabet that occurs in the key word is B,
which is assigned the number 2. The letter C, which occurs twice in the
key word, is assigned the number 3 for its ﬁrst occurrence, the number 4
for its second occurrence, and so on. The ﬁnal result is:

Basic key word: C-A-R-B-U—N-C-L-E
Derived numerical key: 3-1-8-2-9-7-4-6-5

c. The method may, .of Course, be applied tophrases or. to- sentences,
so that a. very long numerical key, impossible ordinarily to remember,
may be 50- derived at will from an easily remembered key text.

d. It 15 advisable to make note of a few points valuable 1n connection
with the choice of key text:

(1) It should be such as can be easily remembered. Often a key
composed of two or more short words is better than one con-
sisting of a single long word. Thus, the whole sentence WHEN
DO WE EAT would be better than the single word
EXTRAORDINARY.

(2)' It should consist of one or more simple, familiar words admit-
ting of but one spelling. A word such as REINFORCEMENT
is inadvisable because the spelling REENFORCEMENT is
also admissible. It goes almost without saying the use of words
suitable for “spelling bees,” even though they may be familiar,
everyday words as DEFINITELY, SEPARATELY, REPE-
TITION, etc. is likewise inadvisable.

(3) It should contain as many different letters as possible, in no
systematic sequence. Words with several repeated letters, such
as ELEMENT, BANANA, MISSISSIPPI, etc., form poor
key words.

(4) It should present no associations with the special situation in
which it is used, so as not to be easily guessed by the enemy.
For example, to use personal or geographic names associated
with a region in the theater of operations is bad practice. The
key word GETTYSBURG employed in a cryptogram originat-
ing in the vicinity of Gettysburg would be bad practice. Or to
use for this purpose words of common military usage, such as
BATTALION, REGIMENT, ARTILLERY, SIGNAL
CORPS, MACHINE GUN, etc., is likewise bad practice.

6. It is convenient to designate key text in letters as a literal key. As
noted, a literal key may consist of a single letter, a single word, a phrase,
a sentence, whole paragraph, or even a book. The method of deriving
a numerical key from a literal key given in b above 15 only one of a num-
ber of methods, but it IS the most commonly employed. It 15 also Subject to
variation in detail. But, so far as the cryptanalyst 1s Concerned, just how
the numerical key is derived from a speciﬁc literal key is usually of
interest to him only if this knowledge will assist in subsequent solutions

25

