 

REF 1D:A56932

Section IV. MONOALPHABETIC SUBSTITUTION
WITH VARIA'NTS

52. Purpose of Providing Variant Values

The individual letters composing ordinary intelligible plain text are
used with varying frequencies; some, such as (in English) E, 'l‘, R, I,
and N, are used much more often than others, such as J, K, Q, X, and Z.
In fact, each letter has a characteristic frequency by means of which
deﬁnite clues are afforded in the solution of simple substitution ciphers.
This has led cryptographers to devise methods for disguising, sup—
pressing, or eliminating the characteristic frequencies manifested by the
letters of cryptograms produced by simple monoalphabetic substitution.
One such method is that in which the letters of the plain component of
the cipher alphabet are assigned two or more equivalents in the cipher
component and they are, for this reason, called variant values. In some
cases the letters of the plain component receive numbers of variant
.values, or variants, in proportion to their normal frequencies; in other
cases, all the letters receive equal numbers of variant values, determined
by the total number available.

53. Figure 'Ciphers with Variant Values

a. The use of ﬁgures in pairs as substitution equivalents makes avail-
able a total of 100 different pairs, those from 00 to 99. They may all
be used in a complete system, or only certain ones may be selected, as
prearranged.

b. One of the most common varieties of ciphers using all the pairs of
digits is that in which the alphabet is reduced to 25 letters (by making
1 and J interchangeable or by eliminating a letter such as Q), and each
letter is assigned four values which may be used at will. The assignment
of values may be based upon a key word of four letters, each of which
designates the starting points of a normal sequence of 25 numbers. An
example is shown in ﬁgure 14, wherein the key word is TRIP. This
means that in the ﬁrst set of numbers, 01 to 25, the ﬁrst number, 01, is
assigned to the letter T; in the second set, from 26 to 50, the ﬁrst num-
ber, 26, is assigned to the letter R; in the third set, from 51 to 75, the
ﬁrst number, 51, is assigned to the letter I; ﬁnally, in the last set, from
76 to 00, the ﬁrst number, 76, is assigned to the letter P.

The letter Ap may be represented by any one of four equivalents, 08,
35, 68, and 87; the letter B, by 09, 36, 69, 88; and so on. The equivalent
used in any particular instance is selected at random, so that the word
.CAB may be represented in cipher by any one of a total of 64 combina-
tions, such as 10—08—09, 70—35—09, 37—08—69, etc. In the ﬁnal cryptogram

4'6

